---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_alb_health_check_template Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "ALB"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::ALB::HealthCheckTemplate
---

# volcenginecc_alb_health_check_template (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::ALB::HealthCheckTemplate



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the health check template.
- `description` (String) Description of the health check. Cannot start with http:// or https://. Must begin with a letter or Chinese character. May include numbers, English commas (,), periods (.), underscores (_), spaces ( ), equals signs (=), hyphens (-), Chinese commas (，), and Chinese periods (。). Length must be 1–255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string.
- `health_check_domain` (String) Domain name for the health check. This parameter is only effective when HealthCheckProtocol is set to HTTP. Requirements: Must contain at least one '.', and cannot start or end with '.'. The string can contain letters, numbers, '-', and '.' characters. '-' cannot appear at the beginning or end of the string. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. If not specified, this parameter is empty and the load balancer uses the private IP address of each backend server for health checks.
- `health_check_http_code` (String) HTTP status codes indicating a successful health check. Separate multiple codes with commas. This parameter is only effective when HealthCheckProtocol is set to HTTP. Options: http_2xx (default), http_3xx (default), http_4xx, http_5xx.
- `health_check_http_version` (String) HTTP protocol version for health checks. This parameter is effective only when HealthCheckProtocol is set to HTTP. Options: HTTP1.0 (default), HTTP1.1.
- `health_check_interval` (Number) Interval for performing health checks. Default is 2 seconds. Range: 1–300 seconds.
- `health_check_method` (String) Health check method. This parameter is effective only when HealthCheckProtocol is set to HTTP. Options: GETHEAD (default method)
- `health_check_port` (Number) Port for the health check. Options: 0: Use the backend server port for health checks. 1–65535: Use the specified port for health checks.
- `health_check_protocol` (String) Protocol for the health check. HTTP or TCP.
- `health_check_template_id` (String) Health check template ID.
- `health_check_template_name` (String) Name of the health check template. Cannot start with http:// or https://. Must start with a letter or Chinese character. Can contain numbers, periods (.), underscores (_), and hyphens (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters.
- `health_check_timeout` (Number) Response timeout for the health check. Default is 2 seconds. Range: 1–60 seconds.
- `health_check_uri` (String) Path for the health check. This parameter is only effective when HealthCheckProtocol is set to HTTP. Requirements: Must start with '/'. Can only contain letters, numbers, '-', '_', '/', '.', '%', '?', '#', '&', '=' characters. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. If not specified, defaults to '/'.
- `healthy_threshold` (Number) Health threshold for the health check. Default is 3. Range: 2–10 times.
- `project_name` (String) Project name to which the health check template belongs.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) List of tags associated with the health check template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `unhealthy_threshold` (Number) Unhealthy threshold for health checks. Default is 3; range is 2–10 times.
- `update_time` (String) Last operation time of the health check template.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key for user tags. Rules: Length must be 1–128 characters. Case-sensitive. Cannot start with any case combination of sys:. Cannot start or end with a space. May include characters from any language, numbers, spaces, underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and @. Tag keys for the same resource must be unique.
- `value` (String) Tag value for the user tag. If you specify this parameter, you must first specify Tags.N.Key. Rules: Length must be between 0 and 256 characters. Case-sensitive. Cannot start or end with a space. Supports characters from all languages, numbers, spaces, underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), minus signs (-), and @.
