---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_alb_load_balancer Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "ALB"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::ALB::LoadBalancer
---

# volcenginecc_alb_load_balancer (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::ALB::LoadBalancer



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `address_ip_version` (String) IP type of the ALB instance. IPv4: IPv4 type; DualStack: IPv4 & IPv6 dual stack type.
- `bandwidth_package_id` (String) ID of the bound shared bandwidth package, enabling bandwidth sharing.
- `business_status` (String) Service status of the ALB instance. Normal: normal; FinancialLocked: locked due to overdue payment.
- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the ALB instance.
- `delete_protection` (String) Delete protection switch. on: enabled; off: disabled.
- `deleted_time` (String) Expected reclamation time of the ALB instance. This parameter is only returned when the instance is in the FinancialLocked state.
- `description` (String) Description of the ALB instance.
- `dns_name` (String) DNS domain name.
- `eip_billing_config` (Attributes) Billing configuration for public IP, only applicable to public instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--eip_billing_config))
- `global_accelerator` (Attributes) Global accelerator configuration, used to improve cross-region access speed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--global_accelerator))
- `ipv_6_bandwidth_package_id` (String) When creating a public ALB instance, specify the shared bandwidth package ID to which the IPv6 public bandwidth will be added.
- `ipv_6_eip_billing_config` (Attributes) Billing configuration for IPv6 public IP, only applicable to public instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv_6_eip_billing_config))
- `load_balancer_billing_type` (Number) ALB instance billing type. Currently, only pay-as-you-go is supported (value is 1).
- `load_balancer_edition` (String) Version of the application load balancer. Basic: Basic version; Standard: Standard version.
- `load_balancer_id` (String) ALB instance ID.
- `load_balancer_name` (String) Name of the ALB instance.
- `lock_reason` (String) Reason for ALB instance freeze, such as Financial (arrears) or Security (security reasons). Returned only when the instance is locked.
- `modification_protection_reason` (String) Reason for modification protection. This parameter is valid and legitimate only when ModificationProtectionStatus is ConsoleProtection.
- `modification_protection_status` (String) Modification protection status. NonProtection: Not protected; ConsoleProtection: Console modification protection, instance configuration cannot be modified through the console.
- `overdue_time` (String) Freeze time of the ALB instance. This parameter is only returned when the instance is in the FinancialLocked state.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the instance belongs.
- `proxy_protocol_enabled` (String) ALB supports the Proxy Protocol and records the client's real IP.
- `status` (String) ALB instance status: Active (running), Provisioning (creating), Configuring (configuring), Deleting (deleting), CreateFailed (creation failed), Inactive (stopped).
- `tags` (Attributes Set) List of tags bound to the instance, used for categorization and billing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `type` (String) Type of ALB instance. Values are public or private. public: Creates a public load balancer instance. The system assigns a public IP address and a private IP address, which can forward both public and private network requests. private: Creates a private load balancer instance. The system assigns a private IP address, used only for forwarding private network requests.
- `update_time` (String) Last update time of the ALB instance.
- `vpc_id` (String) ID of the Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) to which the load balancer instance belongs.
- `waf_instance_id` (String) ID of the WAF security protection instance bound to the ALB instance.
- `waf_protected_domain` (String) Domain name protected by WAF, used for precise rule matching.
- `waf_protection_enabled` (String) WAF security protection switch. on: enabled; off: disabled.
- `zone_mappings` (Attributes Set) Availability zone mapping list, defines which availability zones the instance provides services in. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zone_mappings))

<a id="nestedatt--eip_billing_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `eip_billing_config`

Read-Only:

- `bandwidth` (Number) Peak bandwidth of EIP, in Mbps.
- `billing_type` (Number) EIP billing method: 2 for bandwidth-based, 3 for traffic-based.
- `isp` (String) Line type of the public IP, BGP indicates multi-line.
- `security_protection_instance_id` (Number) When creating an ALB public instance, if IP protection resources are used, you must specify a DDoS native protection instance ID.
- `security_protection_types` (String) When creating a public ALB instance, ALB allows you to purchase multiple public IP protection resources. The rules for public IP protection resources are as follows: separate multiple protection resources with a comma (,). The values for protection resources are: AntiDDoS_Enhanced: You are requesting an enhanced protection type public IP, which can be added to a native DDoS protection instance. If not specified: You are requesting a basic protection type public IP.


<a id="nestedatt--global_accelerator"></a>
### Nested Schema for `global_accelerator`

Read-Only:

- `accelerator_id` (String) ID of the bound Global Accelerator instance.
- `accelerator_listener_id` (String) ID of the bound Global Accelerator listener.
- `endpoint_group_id` (String) ID of the bound endpoint group.
- `weight` (Number) Weight of the backend server, determines traffic distribution ratio.


<a id="nestedatt--ipv_6_eip_billing_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv_6_eip_billing_config`

Read-Only:

- `bandwidth` (Number) Peak bandwidth of IPv6 EIP, in Mbps.
- `billing_type` (Number) Billing method for IPv6 EIP: 2 for bandwidth-based, 3 for traffic-based.
- `isp` (String) Line type of IPv6 public IP; BGP indicates multi-line.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key, used to identify the tag category.
- `value` (String) Tag value used to identify the specific tag content.


<a id="nestedatt--zone_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zone_mappings`

Read-Only:

- `load_balancer_addresses` (Attributes Set) List of IP addresses provided by the load balancer in this availability zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zone_mappings--load_balancer_addresses))
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet ID providing services within the availability zone.
- `zone_id` (String) Unique identifier of the availability zone.

<a id="nestedatt--zone_mappings--load_balancer_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zone_mappings.load_balancer_addresses`

Read-Only:

- `eip` (Attributes) Detailed information of the Elastic Public IP (EIP). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zone_mappings--load_balancer_addresses--eip))
- `eip_address` (String) Address of the bound Elastic Public IP (EIP).
- `eip_id` (String) ID of the bound Elastic IP (EIP).
- `eni_address` (String) Private IP address on the Elastic Network Interface (ENI).
- `eni_id` (String) ID of the Elastic Network Interface (ENI) to which the IP address belongs.
- `eni_ipv_6_address` (String) IPv6 private address on the Elastic Network Interface (ENI).
- `ipv_6_eip` (Attributes) Detailed information about the IPv6 Elastic Public IP. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zone_mappings--load_balancer_addresses--ipv_6_eip))
- `ipv_6_eip_id` (String) ID of the bound IPv6 EIP.

<a id="nestedatt--zone_mappings--load_balancer_addresses--eip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zone_mappings.load_balancer_addresses.eip`

Read-Only:

- `association_mode` (String) EIP binding mode, such as Default or Normal.
- `bandwidth` (Number) Peak bandwidth of EIP, in Mbps.
- `eip_address` (String) Address of the Elastic IP (EIP).
- `eip_billing_type` (Number) EIP billing method: 2 for bandwidth-based, 3 for traffic-based.
- `eip_type` (String) EIP type, such as static BGP.
- `isp` (String) Line type of the public IP, BGP indicates multi-line.
- `pop_locations` (Attributes Set) List of EIP access point location information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zone_mappings--load_balancer_addresses--eip--pop_locations))

<a id="nestedatt--zone_mappings--load_balancer_addresses--eip--pop_locations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zone_mappings.load_balancer_addresses.eip.pop_locations`

Read-Only:

- `pop_id` (String) Unique ID of the access point (PoP).
- `pop_name` (String) Name of the access point (PoP).



<a id="nestedatt--zone_mappings--load_balancer_addresses--ipv_6_eip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zone_mappings.load_balancer_addresses.ipv_6_eip`

Read-Only:

- `bandwidth` (Number) Peak bandwidth of IPv6 EIP, in Mbps.
- `billing_type` (Number) Billing method for IPv6 EIP: 2 for bandwidth-based, 3 for traffic-based.
- `isp` (String) Line type of IPv6 public IP; BGP indicates multi-line.
