---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_alb_server_group Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "ALB"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::ALB::ServerGroup
---

# volcenginecc_alb_server_group (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::ALB::ServerGroup



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the backend server group.
- `cross_zone_enabled` (String) Whether to enable cross-zone load balancing for the server group. Values: on (default): enabled, off: disabled.
- `description` (String) Description of the backend server group.
- `health_check` (Attributes) Server group health check configuration information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_check))
- `ip_address_type` (String) IP address type of the server group. Only IPv4 is supported.
- `listeners` (Attributes Set) Listener information associated with the backend server group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--listeners))
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the backend server group belongs.
- `protocol` (String) Backend protocol: HTTP, HTTPS.
- `scheduler` (String) Scheduling algorithm. Parameter values: wrr: Weighted round robin. wlc: Weighted least connections. sh: Source IP hash.
- `server_count` (Number) Number of backend servers in the server group.
- `server_group_id` (String) ID of the backend server group.
- `server_group_name` (String) Name of the backend server group.
- `server_group_type` (String) Type of backend server group. instance: Server type. This type of server group supports adding ECS and ENI instances as backend servers. ip: IP type. This type of server group supports adding IP addresses as backend servers.
- `servers` (Attributes Set) Information about servers in the backend server group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--servers))
- `status` (String) Server group status. Creating: creating. Active: running. Configuring: configuring. Deleting: deleting.
- `sticky_session_config` (Attributes) Session persistence parameter information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sticky_session_config))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `update_time` (String) Last operation time of the backend server group.
- `vpc_id` (String) ID of the VPC to which the backend server group belongs.

<a id="nestedatt--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_check`

Read-Only:

- `domain` (String) Domain name for health check. Configure this as the actual service address provided by the backend server. This parameter takes effect only when HealthCheck.Protocol is set to HTTP. The domain name must contain at least one '.', and cannot start or end with '.'. Each level of the domain name can contain letters, digits, '-', and '.' characters, and '-' cannot appear at the beginning or end of any level. Length: 1–128 characters. If this parameter is not specified or no value is provided, the default is empty, meaning the load balancer uses the private IP address of each backend server for health checks.
- `enabled` (String) Whether the listener enables health check. Values: on: enabled (default), off: disabled.
- `healthy_threshold` (Number) Health check threshold. Indicates the number of consecutive successful health checks required for a backend server to be considered healthy. Unit: times. Value range: 2–10. Default: 3.
- `http_code` (String) HTTP status codes for a successful health check. Separate multiple codes with commas. This parameter is available only when HealthCheck.Protocol is HTTP. Valid values: http_2xx (default), http_3xx (default), http_4xx, http_5xx.
- `http_version` (String) Health check HTTP protocol version. This parameter is available only when HealthCheck.Protocol is set to HTTP. Values: HTTP1.0 (default for API usage), HTTP1.1.
- `interval` (Number) After health checks are enabled, the interval for performing health checks. Unit: seconds. Value range: 1–300s. Default: 2.
- `method` (String) Health check method after health checks are enabled. This parameter is valid only when HealthCheck.Protocol is set to HTTP. Values: GET: The server must support the GET method. HEAD (default): The server returns only the HEAD header, which reduces backend resource consumption, but the server must support the HEAD method.
- `port` (Number) Health check port. Supported values: 0 (default): Use the backend server port for health checks. 1–65535: Use the specified port for health checks.
- `protocol` (String) Health check protocol. Currently supports HTTP and TCP. Default: HTTP.
- `timeout` (Number) Health check response timeout. If the backend server does not respond correctly within the specified time, the health check is considered abnormal. Unit: seconds. Value range: 1–60. Default: 2.
- `unhealthy_threshold` (Number) Unhealthy threshold for health checks. Indicates that a backend server is considered unhealthy if it fails the specified number of consecutive health checks. Unit: times. Range: 2–10. Default: 3.
- `uri` (String) Health check path. Must be configured as the actual path provided by the backend server. This parameter is only effective when HealthCheck.Protocol is set to HTTP. Must start with '/'. Only letters, numbers, '-', '_', '/', '.', '%', '?', '#', '&', '=' are allowed. Length: 1–128 characters. If this parameter is not specified or specified without a value, the default is '/'.


<a id="nestedatt--listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listeners`

Read-Only:

- `listener_id` (String) Listener ID.


<a id="nestedatt--servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servers`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the backend server.
- `instance_id` (String) ID of the cloud server instance or network interface card.
- `ip` (String) Private IP address of the backend server.
- `port` (Number) Port number on which the backend server receives requests.
- `remote_enabled` (String) Enable remote IP feature. This field is valid only when the backend server instance type is IP address, that is, when Type is set to ip. Parameter values: on: Enable. off (default): Disable.
- `server_id` (String) Backend server ID.
- `type` (String) Backend server instance type. ecs: ECS instance. eni: auxiliary ENI. ip: IP address (valid only for IP-type server groups).
- `weight` (Number) Weight of the backend server.


<a id="nestedatt--sticky_session_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sticky_session_config`

Read-Only:

- `cookie` (String) Name of the session persistence Cookie for service configuration. This is only valid when session persistence is enabled and Cookie overwrite is selected. The specific rules are as follows: The Cookie name must be 1–200 characters long. The name can only contain ASCII letters and digits, cannot contain commas (,), semicolons (;), or spaces, and cannot start with a dollar sign ($). This parameter is required when tickySessionConfig.StickySessionEnabled is set to on and StickySessionConfig.StickySessionType is server. This parameter is invalid when StickySessionConfig.StickySessionEnabled is on and StickySessionConfig.StickySessionType is insert.
- `cookie_timeout` (Number) Session persistence cookie timeout. Only valid when session persistence is enabled and the insert cookie option is selected. Unit: seconds. Rules: Timeout range: 1–86400. Default: 1000. This parameter is required when StickySessionConfig.StickySessionEnabled is on and StickySessionConfig.StickySessionType is insert. This parameter is invalid when StickySessionConfig.StickySessionEnabled is on and StickySessionType is server.
- `sticky_session_enabled` (String) Enable session persistence. on: Enable; off (default): Disable.
- `sticky_session_type` (String) Cookie handling method. This field is required when StickySessionConfig.StickySessionEnabled is set to on. Parameter values: insert: Inserts a Cookie. ALB records the backend server to which the client's first request is forwarded. ALB inserts a Cookie in the response. Subsequent client requests carry this Cookie, and ALB forwards the requests to the previously recorded backend server. server: Overwrites the Cookie. When session persistence with Cookie overwrite is enabled, after the client's first request is forwarded to the backend server, if ALB detects your custom Cookie in the response, it overwrites the original Cookie. Subsequent client requests carry the overwritten Cookie, and ALB forwards the requests to the previously recorded backend server.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key. Tag keys for the same resource must be unique.
- `value` (String) Tag value of the tag.
