---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_alb_acl Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "ALB"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::ALB::ACL
---

# volcenginecc_alb_acl (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::ALB::ACL



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `acl_entries` (Attributes Set) Detailed information about IP entries in the access control policy group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--acl_entries))
- `acl_entry_count` (Number) Number of IP entries in the access control policy group.
- `acl_id` (String) Access control policy group ID.
- `acl_name` (String) Name of the access control policy group. Cannot start with http:// or https://. Must start with a letter or Chinese character and can include numbers, periods (.), underscores (_), and hyphens (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. If not specified, defaults to the access control policy group ID.
- `created_time` (String) Creation time of the access control policy group.
- `description` (String) Description of the access control policy group. Cannot start with http:// or https://. Must start with a letter or Chinese character and can include numbers, English commas (,), periods (.), underscores (_), spaces ( ), equals signs (=), hyphens (-), Chinese commas (，), and Chinese periods (。). Length must be between 1 and 255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string.
- `listeners` (Attributes Set) Detailed information about listeners associated with the access control policy group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--listeners))
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the access control policy group belongs.
- `status` (String) Status of the access control policy group. Creating: being created. Active: available. Configuring: being configured. Deleting: being deleted.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags bound to the access control policy group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `updated_time` (String) Most recent operation time for the access control policy group.

<a id="nestedatt--acl_entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acl_entries`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the IP entry. Cannot start with http:// or https://. Must start with a letter or Chinese character. Can include numbers, English commas (,), periods (.), underscores (_), spaces, equals signs (=), hyphens (-), Chinese commas (，), and Chinese periods (。). Length must be between 1 and 255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string.
- `entry` (String) IP entry address range. Only CIDR addresses are supported.


<a id="nestedatt--listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listeners`

Read-Only:

- `acl_type` (String) Listener control mode for this access control policy group. white: allowlist mode; black: denylist mode
- `listener_id` (String) Listener ID
- `listener_name` (String) Listener name
- `port` (Number) Listener port
- `protocol` (String) Listener protocol


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key for user tags. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. Case sensitive. Cannot start with any combination of volc: or sys: in any case. Cannot start or end with a space. Can include characters from any language, numbers, spaces, underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), minus signs (-), and @. Tag keys for the same resource must be unique.
- `value` (String) User tag value. Length must be between 0 and 256 characters. Case sensitive. Cannot start or end with a space. Supports characters from all languages, numbers, spaces (), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and @.
