---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_autoscaling_scaling_configuration Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "AutoScaling"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::AutoScaling::ScalingConfiguration
---

# volcenginecc_autoscaling_scaling_configuration (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::AutoScaling::ScalingConfiguration



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Resource creation time (UTC)
- `eip` (Attributes) Public IP. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--eip))
- `host_name` (String) Instance hostname. Value: Linux instances allow periods to separate segments; each segment can contain letters, digits, or hyphens '-'. Cannot start or end with a period '.' or hyphen '-', and periods or hyphens cannot be used consecutively. Linux hostnames must be 2–63 characters long. Windows instances allow letters, digits, or hyphens '-', but cannot be entirely numeric. Cannot start or end with a hyphen '-', and hyphens cannot be used consecutively. Windows hostnames must be 2–15 characters long. If not specified, the hostname is automatically generated as follows: Structure: iv  - + initial hostname, for example iv-3tigy72q3u3vj0******. Created instances retain the original hostname generation logic and do not change upon instance restart. Initial hostname generation logic: Linux: extracts all characters after instance ID 'i-'. Windows: extracts the last 12 characters after instance ID 'i-'
- `hpc_cluster_id` (String) ID of the high-performance computing cluster to which the instance belongs. Only valid when InstanceTypes.N is specified as 'High-Performance Computing GPU'.
- `image_id` (String) Image ID. The image resource used when the scaling group automatically creates an instance
- `instance_charge_type` (String) Instance billing type. Values: PrePaid (subscription) / PostPaid (pay-as-you-go)
- `instance_description` (String) Instance description. Value: Cannot start with a digit or hyphen. Only Chinese characters, letters, digits, underscores, and hyphens are allowed. Length must be between 0 and 255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string
- `instance_name` (String) Instance name. Rules: Must start with a letter or Chinese character. Can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, underscore "_", hyphen "-", and period ".". Length: 1–128 characters.
- `instance_type_overrides` (Attributes Set) Specification information for preemptible instances (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_type_overrides))
- `instance_types` (Set of String) List of compute specifications for the instance
- `ipv_6_address_count` (Number) Assign an IPv6 address to the instance NIC. Values: 0: Do not assign an IPv6 address. 1: Assign an IPv6 address; the system automatically allocates an IPv6 subnet for you.
- `key_pair_name` (String) Name of the key pair. If both KeyPairName and Password are set, only KeyPairName takes effect
- `lifecycle_state` (String) Lifecycle status. Values: Active (active) / InActive (inactive)
- `password` (String) When logging in to the instance using the 'Password' method, set the root login password: The password must be 8–30 characters long and consist of uppercase letters, lowercase letters, numbers, and special characters. At least three types must be included. Allowed special characters: `~!#$%^&*()_-+= |. The password cannot start with '/' or '$6$'
- `project_name` (String) The project to which the instance created by the scaling configuration belongs. Default is empty. Each resource can belong to only one project.
  Only letters, numbers, underscores '_', dots '.', and hyphens '-' are allowed.
  Maximum length: 64 characters
- `scaling_configuration_id` (String) Scaling configuration ID
- `scaling_configuration_name` (String) Name of the scaling configuration. The name must be unique within the same scaling group in the same region. Rules: Must start with a Chinese character or letter. Can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, underscores, and hyphens. Length: 1–128 characters. Special characters are not supported.
- `scaling_group_id` (String) Scaling group ID to which the scaling configuration belongs
- `security_enhancement_strategy` (String) Enable security hardening. Options: Active: Enable security hardening, applies only to public images. InActive: Disable security hardening, applies to all images.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) Security group ID associated with the instance's primary network interface
- `spot_strategy` (String) Instance preemption policy. Values: NoSpot (default): creates a standard pay-as-you-go instance. SpotAsPriceGo: system automatically bids, creating a preemptible instance that follows the current market price. SpotWithPriceLimit: creates a preemptible instance with a specified bid limit
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag key-value pairs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `updated_at` (String) Resource update time (UTC)
- `user_data` (String) Instance custom data. Custom data must be Base64 encoded, and the size before encoding must not exceed 16 KB. If not specified, defaults to empty
- `volumes` (Attributes List) Cloud disk (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes))
- `zone_id` (String) Availability zone ID for the scaling configuration

<a id="nestedatt--eip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `eip`

Read-Only:

- `bandwidth` (Number) Peak bandwidth for the public IP. Default is 1, unit: Mbps. Value: When Eip.BillingType is set to PostPaidByBandwidth, the value is 1–500. When Eip.BillingType is set to PostPaidByTraffic, the value is 1–200.
- `bandwidth_package_id` (String) ID of the shared bandwidth package, indicating that the public IP will be added to the shared bandwidth package. You can call the DescribeBandwidthPackages API to query the shared bandwidth package ID. The public IP can be added to the shared bandwidth package only if the following conditions are met: Both have the same security protection type. Both have the same line type. The shared bandwidth package is IPv4 type.
- `billing_type` (String) Billing type for public IP. Options: PostPaidByBandwidth (default): Pay-as-you-go, billed by bandwidth cap. PostPaidByTraffic: Pay-as-you-go, billed by actual traffic.
- `isp` (String) Line type. Values: BGP (default): BGP line. If your account has applied for static single line, ISP can also be set to ChinaMobile (China Mobile), ChinaTelecom (China Telecom), or ChinaUnicom (China Unicom).
- `release_with_instance` (Boolean) Whether the public IP is deleted along with the instance. This applies only to pay-as-you-go public IPs and takes effect when deleting the instance in the ECS console. For retention details after deleting an instance in a scaling group, see the detailed instructions in instance management. Values: true: The public IP is deleted with the instance. false: The public IP is not deleted with the instance


<a id="nestedatt--instance_type_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_type_overrides`

Read-Only:

- `instance_type` (String) Specify the specifications for preemptible instances. Parameter   - N: Indicates the sequence number of the instance specification, value range 1–10. Value   - InstanceType: Specifies the specification for the preemptible instance. Use & to separate multiple specifications.
- `price_limit` (Number) Specify the maximum hourly price for preemptible instance types. Parameter   - N: Indicates the instance type sequence number. Value: 1–10. PriceLimit: Specifies the maximum hourly price for the preemptible instance type. Value: Greater than 0, up to three decimal places. Use & to separate multiple prices.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key
- `value` (String) Tag value


<a id="nestedatt--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes`

Read-Only:

- `delete_with_instance` (Boolean) Whether the cloud disk is released with the instance: true (default): The cloud disk is released with the instance. false: The cloud disk is not released with the instance. When set to false, this does not apply to system disks. System disks are always released with the instance and cannot be retained.
- `extra_performance_iops` (Number) You can use this parameter to configure the extra performance package IOPS size for cloud disks. Only ESSD FlexPL is supported. Parameter   - N: Indicates the disk sequence number. '1' represents the system disk; '2' or greater represents a data disk. Only data disks support extra performance packages. Value: 2–16. ExtraPerformanceIOPS specifies the extra performance package IOPS size for the Nth disk: IOPS: 1–50000. Balance: 1–50000.
- `extra_performance_throughput_mb` (Number) You can use this parameter to configure the extra performance package throughput size for cloud disks, in MB/s. Only ESSD FlexPL is supported. Parameter   - N: Indicates the disk sequence number. '1' represents the system disk; '2' or greater represents a data disk. Only data disks support extra performance packages. Value: 2–16. ExtraPerformanceThroughputMB specifies the extra performance package throughput size for the Nth disk: Throughput: 1–650.
- `extra_performance_type_id` (String) This parameter allows you to purchase extra performance for cloud disks. Only ESSD FlexPL is supported. Parameter   - N: Indicates the disk sequence number. "1" is the system disk; "2" or greater indicates a data disk. Only data disks support extra performance packages. Value: 2–16. ExtraPerformanceTypeId specifies the extra performance package type for the Nth disk: IOPS: IOPS type, use the ExtraPerformanceIOPS parameter. Balance: Balanced type, use the ExtraPerformanceIOPS parameter. Throughput: Throughput type, use the ExtraPerformanceThroughputMB parameter.
- `size` (Number) Cloud disk capacity, in GiB. System disk range: 10–500. Data disk range: 10–8192. If using ESSD_FlexPL with additional performance, size must be >= 500 GB
- `volume_type` (String) Cloud disk types: ESSD_FlexPL: Extreme SSD FlexPL. ESSD_PL0: Extreme SSD PL0.
