---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_autoscaling_scaling_lifecycle_hook Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "AutoScaling"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::AutoScaling::ScalingLifecycleHook
---

# volcenginecc_autoscaling_scaling_lifecycle_hook (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::AutoScaling::ScalingLifecycleHook



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `lifecycle_command` (Attributes) Cloud Assistant command information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lifecycle_command))
- `lifecycle_hook_id` (String) Lifecycle hook ID.
- `lifecycle_hook_name` (String) Lifecycle hook name, cannot be modified after creation. Values: Cannot start with a digit, hyphen, or underscore. Can only contain Chinese characters, letters, digits, underscores, and hyphens. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters.
- `lifecycle_hook_policy` (String) Policy executed after the instance suspension ends. Values: CONTINUE: Continue execution. REJECT: Abort subsequent actions. ROLLBACK: For elastic scale-in activities, the release of ECS instances is rejected and rollback is performed; for elastic scale-out activities, the effect is the same as REJECT.
- `lifecycle_hook_timeout` (Number) Duration for which the ECS instance remains suspended. After timeout, the suspended state ends automatically and scaling actions continue according to the execution policy. Please evaluate the processing time for custom operations and set an appropriate timeout. Values: 30 to 21600 (6 hours), unit: s, must be an integer.
- `lifecycle_hook_type` (String) Type of scaling activity. When a specified type of scaling activity occurs, the lifecycle hook is triggered and the ECS instance is suspended. Values: SCALE_IN: Elastic scale-in activity. SCALE_OUT: Elastic scale-out activity.
- `scaling_group_id` (String) Scaling group ID.

<a id="nestedatt--lifecycle_command"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifecycle_command`

Read-Only:

- `command_id` (String) Cloud Assistant command ID, indicates that after the lifecycle hook is triggered, the Cloud Assistant command is executed on the instance. If the command executes successfully, the post-suspend policy is executed according to CONTINUE. If the command fails, times out, or the lifecycle hook times out, the post-suspend policy is executed according to the LifecycleHookPolicy parameter configuration.
- `parameters` (String) Parameters and values in the Cloud Assistant command. The number of parameters ranges from 0 to 60. Note: Parameters cannot be empty strings and can have up to 64 characters. Values can be empty strings. After Base64 encoding, the combined length of parameters and the original command content must not exceed 16 KB. The set of parameter names must be a subset of the parameter set defined when creating the command. Default values are used for parameters not provided.
