---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_cdn_domain Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::CDN::Domain
---

# volcenginecc_cdn_domain (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::CDN::Domain



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `area_access_rule` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the 'regional access control' feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--area_access_rule))
- `backup_origin` (Set of String) Indicates the backup origin server list configured for this domain. If no backup origin server is configured for this domain, the parameter value is null.
- `browser_cache` (Attributes Set) Indicates the configuration module for the 'browser cache' feature. This feature is disabled by default. The parameter value is a list of rules, described as follows: Each list element is a cache rule configuration. You can create up to 50 rules. The order of elements in the list determines the priority of the corresponding rules. The rule at the top of the list has the highest priority. If you create multiple rules, pay attention to whether there are containment relationships between rules. If containment exists, rules with a broader scope should appear after those with a narrower scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--browser_cache))
- `cache` (Attributes Set) Represents the configuration module for the 'Cache Rule' feature. This feature is disabled by default, meaning no custom rules are created. The list can contain up to 50 rules. The order of rules in the list defines their priority, with the first rule having the highest priority. The filter in each rule specifies the scope of the rule. If you create multiple rules, rules with a broader scope should appear after those with a narrower scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache))
- `cache_host` (Attributes) Specifies the configuration module for the 'shared cache' feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache_host))
- `cache_key` (Attributes List) Indicates the configuration module for the 'cache key' feature. This feature is disabled by default. The parameter value is a list of rules, described as follows: Each list element is a cache key rule configuration. You can create up to 50 rules. The order of elements in the list determines the priority of the corresponding rules. The rules in the list have the highest priority. If you create multiple rules, pay attention to whether there is any inclusion relationship between rules. If inclusion exists, rules with a broader scope should appear after those with a narrower scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache_key))
- `cache_shared` (String) Indicates the role of this domain in the 'shared cache' configuration. The parameter has the following values: target_host: indicates the 'target domain'. cache_shared_on: indicates the 'configured domain'. If this domain is not included in any 'shared cache' configuration, the parameter value is an empty string ('').
- `cache_shared_target_host` (String) If CacheShared is cache_shared_on, this parameter indicates the 'Target Domain' in the 'Shared Cache' configuration for this domain name. If CacheShared is target_host, this parameter is empty ("").
- `cname` (String) Indicates the CNAME assigned by the content delivery network to the acceleration domain name.
- `compression` (Attributes) Represents the configuration module for the 'Smart Compression' feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--compression))
- `conditional_origin` (Attributes) Specifies the configuration module for the 'Conditional Origin' feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditional_origin))
- `created_time` (Number) Indicates the creation time of this accelerated domain name, in Unix timestamp format.
- `custom_error_page` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the "Custom Error Page" feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_error_page))
- `customize_access_rule` (Attributes) Represents the configuration module for the 'Custom Header Allowlist and Blocklist' feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--customize_access_rule))
- `domain` (String) Indicates the acceleration domain name.
- `domain_lock` (Attributes) Indicates the lock status of this domain name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--domain_lock))
- `download_speed_limit` (Attributes) Represents the configuration module for the 'Download Speed Limit' feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--download_speed_limit))
- `follow_redirect` (Boolean) Specifies whether to enable the 'origin redirect follow' feature. The parameter values are: true: enable the feature; false: disable the feature. The default value is false.
- `http_forced_redirect` (Attributes) Represents the configuration module for the 'Force HTTPS Redirect to HTTP' feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http_forced_redirect))
- `https` (Attributes) Indicates the HTTPS configuration module. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--https))
- `i_pv_6` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the IPv6 feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--i_pv_6))
- `ip_access_rule` (Attributes) Specifies the configuration module for the 'IP allowlist and blocklist' feature. This feature is disabled by default. There are two configuration methods: Standard configuration: Specify RuleType and Ip to configure the current domain. Global configuration: Specify SharedConfig to use a global configuration. The global configuration is the allowlist feature. You can only choose one configuration method. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_access_rule))
- `is_conflict_domain` (Boolean) Indicates whether the domain is a conflicting domain. In CDN, each domain is unique. If you need to add a domain that already exists under another primary account, you must submit a ticket. If you successfully add the domain under your primary account, it becomes a conflicting domain. This parameter has the following values: true: the domain is a conflicting domain. false: the domain is not a conflicting domain.
- `lock_status` (String) Indicates whether the configuration for this domain name can be changed. The parameter values are: on: Allowed. off: Not allowed.
- `method_denied_rule` (Attributes) Represents the configuration module for the 'Disable HTTP Method' feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--method_denied_rule))
- `multi_range` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the multi-range feature. This feature is disabled by default (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--multi_range))
- `negative_cache` (Attributes Set) Indicates the configuration module for the 'status code cache' feature. This feature is disabled by default. The parameter value is a list, as explained below: Each list element is a cache rule configuration. You can create up to 50 rules. The order of elements in the list determines the priority of the corresponding rules. The first rule in the list has the highest priority. If you create multiple rules, pay attention to whether there is containment between rules. If containment exists, rules with a broader scope should appear after rules with a narrower scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--negative_cache))
- `offline_cache` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the 'offline cache' feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--offline_cache))
- `origin` (Attributes Set) Indicates the basic origin configuration module. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin))
- `origin_access_rule` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the 'Origin allowlist and blacklist' feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_access_rule))
- `origin_arg` (Attributes Set) Represents the rule list for the 'Origin Parameters' configuration module. The list can contain up to 50 rules. Each rule includes a filter (Condition) and an action performed by the CDN (OriginArgAction). The order of rules in the list defines their priority. The first rule in the list has the highest priority. The filter in each rule defines the scope of the rule. If you create multiple rules, rules with a broader scope should appear after those with a narrower scope. When a user request is received, the CDN matches the request against the rules in order of priority, from highest to lowest. If the request matches a rule, the CDN stops processing the remaining rules. You must add the following preset rule at the end of the rule list. You cannot modify the Condition in this rule, but you can change the configuration in OriginArgAction. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_arg))
- `origin_cert_check` (Attributes) Origin certificate validation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_cert_check))
- `origin_host` (String) If there are multiple sites on the origin server, this parameter specifies the domain name accessed by the origin request. This parameter applies to all origin configurations, but has lower priority than the OriginHost parameter in the origin configuration. The default value of this parameter is the same as Domain. If the origin is an object storage bucket, you do not need to specify this parameter. Its default value is the same as the Address in the origin configuration.
- `origin_i_pv_6` (String) Indicates the configuration for "IPv6 origin fetch." This parameter has the following values: ipv6_first: The content delivery network always tries to obtain the IPv6 address of the origin domain. If it cannot obtain the IPv6 address, the content delivery network then tries to obtain the IPv4 address of the origin domain. ipv4_first: The content delivery network always tries to obtain the IPv4 address of the origin domain. If it cannot obtain the IPv4 address, the content delivery network then tries to obtain the IPv6 address of the origin domain. followclient: The content delivery network tries to obtain the same type of IP address as the user's request. The default value for this parameter is followclient. Since some overseas origin fetch nodes do not support sending origin fetch requests to IPv6 addresses, this feature is only available for origin fetch nodes located in mainland China.
- `origin_protocol` (String) Indicates the protocol used for origin requests. The parameter has the following values: http: uses the HTTP protocol for origin requests. https: uses the HTTPS protocol for origin requests. followclient: uses the same protocol as the user's request.
- `origin_range` (Boolean) Indicates whether the 'Range Origin' feature is enabled. This parameter has the following values: true: enables the feature. false: disables the feature. The default value is false.
- `origin_retry` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the "origin fetch retry settings" feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_retry))
- `origin_rewrite` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the 'Origin URL Rewrite' feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_rewrite))
- `origin_sni` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the 'origin SNI' feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_sni))
- `page_optimization` (Attributes) Specifies the configuration module for the 'page optimization' feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--page_optimization))
- `primary_origin` (Set of String) Indicates the list of primary origin servers configured for this domain name.
- `project` (String) Indicates the project to which the acceleration domain belongs
- `quic` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the QUIC feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--quic))
- `redirection_rewrite` (Attributes) Represents the configuration module for the 'URL Redirect Rewrite' feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--redirection_rewrite))
- `referer_access_rule` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the "Referer Allowlist and Denylist" feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--referer_access_rule))
- `remote_auth` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the 'remote authentication' feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_auth))
- `request_block_rule` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the 'Custom Interception' feature. This feature is disabled by default (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_block_rule))
- `request_header` (Attributes Set) Indicates the configuration module for the 'origin HTTP request header' feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_header))
- `response_header` (Attributes Set) Indicates the configuration module for the 'HTTP response header' feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--response_header))
- `rewrite_hls` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the "Standard HLS Encryption Rewrite" feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rewrite_hls))
- `service_region` (String) Indicates the acceleration region for this accelerated domain name. The parameter values are: chinese_mainland: Chinese Mainland. global: Global. outside_chinese_mainland: Global (excluding Chinese Mainland).
- `service_type` (String) Indicates the business type of the domain name. This parameter has the following options: download: File download. web: Web page. video: Audio and video on demand.
- `signed_url_auth` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the 'URL Authentication' feature. This feature is disabled by default (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signed_url_auth))
- `status` (String) Indicates the status of the acceleration domain name. The parameter values are as follows: online: indicates normal operation. configuring: indicates configuration in progress. offline: indicates offline status.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `timeout` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the 'origin timeout' feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeout))
- `ua_access_rule` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the "UA allowlist and blocklist" feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ua_access_rule))
- `updated_time` (Number) Indicates the most recent update time for this domain configuration, in Unix timestamp format.
- `url_normalize` (Attributes) Specifies the configuration module for the 'URL normalization' feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--url_normalize))
- `video_drag` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the "Video Drag" feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--video_drag))

<a id="nestedatt--area_access_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `area_access_rule`

Read-Only:

- `area` (Set of String) Indicates a list of countries to which an allowlist or denylist is applied. When Switch is true, this parameter is required. Country names are represented in abbreviated form. Multiple country names are separated by commas (,).
- `rule_type` (String) Indicates the rule type for the 'region access control' feature. This parameter has the following values: deny: indicates Denylist. allow: indicates Allowlist.
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable this feature. This parameter has the following values: true: Enables this feature. false: Disables this feature.


<a id="nestedatt--browser_cache"></a>
### Nested Schema for `browser_cache`

Read-Only:

- `cache_action` (Attributes) Indicates the relevant configuration for cache behavior. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--browser_cache--cache_action))
- `condition` (Attributes) Indicates the conditions under which this configuration module takes effect, consisting of a set of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--browser_cache--condition))

<a id="nestedatt--browser_cache--cache_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `browser_cache.cache_action`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Indicates caching behavior. Currently, you can only specify cache. cache means the behavior is caching.
- `default_policy` (String) This parameter is shared by multiple CDN features.
- `ignore_case` (Boolean) Indicates whether Value is case sensitive. The parameter has the following values: true: not case sensitive. false: case sensitive. The default value is false.
- `ttl` (Number) Indicates the cache duration in seconds. The valid range is 0–315,360,000. 315,360,000 represents 10 years. If you do not want the content delivery network to cache the specified content, set this parameter to 0.


<a id="nestedatt--browser_cache--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `browser_cache.condition`

Read-Only:

- `condition_rule` (Attributes Set) Indicates a rule set. When a user request is received, the content delivery network matches the rules in the set to the request in order. If a rule matches the request, the content delivery network stops matching the remaining rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--browser_cache--condition--condition_rule))
- `connective` (String) Represents the logical relationship between multiple ConditionRule entries. This parameter has the following values: AND: indicates the logical relationship is 'AND'. OR: indicates the logical relationship is 'OR'. The default value is OR.

<a id="nestedatt--browser_cache--condition--condition_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `browser_cache.condition.condition_rule`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) When Object is query_name or customize, this parameter is valid. If Object is query_name, this parameter indicates the name of a query parameter. If Object is customize, this parameter indicates the name of a custom header. The length of Name cannot exceed 256 characters and can include digits, letters, percent sign (%), underscore (_), and hyphen (-).
- `object` (String) Specifies the type of matching object. The content delivery network applies matching rules to objects of the specified type in the target. This parameter supports the following values: path: matches the path in the target. directory: matches the directory in the target. filetype: matches the file extension in the target.
- `operator` (String) Indicates the matching method. This parameter has the following value: match: If any value in Value exists, it is considered a match.
- `type` (String) Specifies the target type. The value of this parameter is url, indicating the target is a URL.
- `value` (String) Represents a set of values separated by semicolons (;). The total length must not exceed 1,024 characters. Printable ASCII characters are allowed, except for the following: consecutive slashes (//), spaces, dollar sign ($), question mark (?), and Delete (ASCII code 127). If any value in the set matches the request, it is considered a match. When Object is path, this parameter specifies one or more paths. Paths must start with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the path, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is directory, this parameter specifies one or more directories. Directories must start and end with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the directory, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is filetype, this parameter specifies one or more file extensions. Extensions do not need to start with a period (.).




<a id="nestedatt--cache"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache`

Read-Only:

- `cache_action` (Attributes) Indicates the relevant configuration for cache behavior. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache--cache_action))
- `condition` (Attributes) Indicates the conditions under which this configuration module takes effect, consisting of a set of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache--condition))

<a id="nestedatt--cache--cache_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache.cache_action`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Indicates caching behavior. Currently, you can only specify cache. cache means the behavior is caching.
- `default_policy` (String) This parameter is shared by multiple CDN features.
- `ignore_case` (Boolean) Indicates whether Value is case sensitive. The parameter has the following values: true: not case sensitive. false: case sensitive. The default value is false.
- `ttl` (Number) Indicates the cache duration in seconds. The valid range is 0–315,360,000. 315,360,000 represents 10 years. If you do not want the content delivery network to cache the specified content, set this parameter to 0.


<a id="nestedatt--cache--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache.condition`

Read-Only:

- `condition_rule` (Attributes Set) Indicates a rule set. When a user request is received, the content delivery network matches the rules in the set to the request in order. If a rule matches the request, the content delivery network stops matching the remaining rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache--condition--condition_rule))
- `connective` (String) Represents the logical relationship between multiple ConditionRule entries. This parameter has the following values: AND: indicates the logical relationship is 'AND'. OR: indicates the logical relationship is 'OR'. The default value is OR.

<a id="nestedatt--cache--condition--condition_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache.condition.condition_rule`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) When Object is query_name or customize, this parameter is valid. If Object is query_name, this parameter indicates the name of a query parameter. If Object is customize, this parameter indicates the name of a custom header. The length of Name cannot exceed 256 characters and can include digits, letters, percent sign (%), underscore (_), and hyphen (-).
- `object` (String) Specifies the type of matching object. The content delivery network applies matching rules to objects of the specified type in the target. This parameter supports the following values: path: matches the path in the target. directory: matches the directory in the target. filetype: matches the file extension in the target.
- `operator` (String) Indicates the matching method. This parameter has the following value: match: If any value in Value exists, it is considered a match.
- `type` (String) Specifies the target type. The value of this parameter is url, indicating the target is a URL.
- `value` (String) Represents a set of values separated by semicolons (;). The total length must not exceed 1,024 characters. Printable ASCII characters are allowed, except for the following: consecutive slashes (//), spaces, dollar sign ($), question mark (?), and Delete (ASCII code 127). If any value in the set matches the request, it is considered a match. When Object is path, this parameter specifies one or more paths. Paths must start with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the path, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is directory, this parameter specifies one or more directories. Directories must start and end with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the directory, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is filetype, this parameter specifies one or more file extensions. Extensions do not need to start with a period (.).




<a id="nestedatt--cache_host"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache_host`

Read-Only:

- `cache_host_rule` (Attributes Set) Indicates a set of shared cache HOST configurations. Currently, you can only create one configuration. When Switch is true, this parameter is required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache_host--cache_host_rule))
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable this feature. This parameter has the following values: true: enables the feature; false: disables the feature. The default value is false.

<a id="nestedatt--cache_host--cache_host_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache_host.cache_host_rule`

Read-Only:

- `cache_host_action` (Attributes) Indicates the target domain. The target domain must be an accelerated domain under your account. This parameter specifies that the Domain shares the cache of CacheHost. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache_host--cache_host_rule--cache_host_action))
- `condition` (Attributes) Represents the conditions under which this configuration module takes effect, consisting of a set of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache_host--cache_host_rule--condition))

<a id="nestedatt--cache_host--cache_host_rule--cache_host_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache_host.cache_host_rule.cache_host_action`

Read-Only:

- `cache_host` (String) Specifies the target domain name. The target domain name must be an acceleration domain under your account. This parameter indicates that Domain shares the cache of CacheHost.


<a id="nestedatt--cache_host--cache_host_rule--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache_host.cache_host_rule.condition`

Read-Only:

- `condition_rule` (Attributes Set) Indicates a rule set. When a user request is received, the content delivery network matches the rules in the set to the request in order. If a rule matches the request, the content delivery network stops matching the remaining rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache_host--cache_host_rule--condition--condition_rule))
- `connective` (String) Represents the logical relationship between multiple ConditionRule entries. This parameter has the following values: AND: indicates the logical relationship is 'AND'. OR: indicates the logical relationship is 'OR'. The default value is OR.

<a id="nestedatt--cache_host--cache_host_rule--condition--condition_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache_host.cache_host_rule.condition.condition_rule`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) When Object is query_name or customize, this parameter is valid. If Object is query_name, this parameter indicates the name of a query parameter. If Object is customize, this parameter indicates the name of a custom header. The length of Name cannot exceed 256 characters and can include digits, letters, percent sign (%), underscore (_), and hyphen (-).
- `object` (String) Specifies the type of matching object. The content delivery network applies matching rules to objects of the specified type in the target. This parameter supports the following values: path: matches the path in the target. directory: matches the directory in the target. filetype: matches the file extension in the target.
- `operator` (String) Indicates the matching method. This parameter has the following value: match: If any value in Value exists, it is considered a match.
- `type` (String) Specifies the target type. The value of this parameter is url, indicating the target is a URL.
- `value` (String) Represents a set of values separated by semicolons (;). The total length must not exceed 1,024 characters. Printable ASCII characters are allowed, except for the following: consecutive slashes (//), spaces, dollar sign ($), question mark (?), and Delete (ASCII code 127). If any value in the set matches the request, it is considered a match. When Object is path, this parameter specifies one or more paths. Paths must start with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the path, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is directory, this parameter specifies one or more directories. Directories must start and end with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the directory, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is filetype, this parameter specifies one or more file extensions. Extensions do not need to start with a period (.).





<a id="nestedatt--cache_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache_key`

Read-Only:

- `cache_key_action` (Attributes) Indicates the action performed by the content delivery network under the Condition scenario. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache_key--cache_key_action))
- `condition` (Attributes) Represents the conditions under which this configuration module takes effect, consisting of a set of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache_key--condition))

<a id="nestedatt--cache_key--cache_key_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache_key.cache_key_action`

Read-Only:

- `cache_key_components` (Attributes Set) Indicates a list of operation configurations. Currently, you can only set one operation configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache_key--cache_key_action--cache_key_components))

<a id="nestedatt--cache_key--cache_key_action--cache_key_components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache_key.cache_key_action.cache_key_components`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Specifies the action to perform; required when modifying. This parameter has the following values: exclude: The cache key does not include any query parameters, which means parameters are removed from the cache. include: The cache key includes all query parameters, which means parameters are retained in the cache. includePart: The cache key includes query parameters in Subobject, which means some parameters are retained in the cache. excludePart: The cache key does not include query parameters in Subobject, which means some parameters are removed from the cache.
- `ignore_case` (Boolean) Indicates whether the content delivery network ignores case when matching Value. The parameter values are: true: ignore case. false: do not ignore case. The default value is false.
- `object` (String) Indicates the object to be set. Currently, you can only specify queryString. queryString refers to the query parameters in the request URL.
- `subobject` (String) Specify one or more objects of the Object type. Parameter details: If Action is include or exclude, Subobject must be *. * means all query parameters. If Action is includePart or excludePart, you can specify one or more query parameters. The query parameters you specify cannot be *, and cannot contain consecutive slashes (//), percent signs (%), or spaces. Use a semicolon (;) to separate multiple query parameter names. The default value for Subobject is *.



<a id="nestedatt--cache_key--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache_key.condition`

Read-Only:

- `condition_rule` (Attributes Set) Indicates a rule set. When a user request is received, the content delivery network matches the rules in the set to the request in order. If a rule matches the request, the content delivery network stops matching the remaining rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache_key--condition--condition_rule))
- `connective` (String) Represents the logical relationship between multiple ConditionRule entries. This parameter has the following values: AND: indicates the logical relationship is 'AND'. OR: indicates the logical relationship is 'OR'. The default value is OR.

<a id="nestedatt--cache_key--condition--condition_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache_key.condition.condition_rule`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) When Object is query_name or customize, this parameter is valid. If Object is query_name, this parameter indicates the name of a query parameter. If Object is customize, this parameter indicates the name of a custom header. The length of Name cannot exceed 256 characters and can include digits, letters, percent sign (%), underscore (_), and hyphen (-).
- `object` (String) Specifies the type of matching object. The content delivery network applies matching rules to objects of the specified type in the target. This parameter supports the following values: path: matches the path in the target. directory: matches the directory in the target. filetype: matches the file extension in the target.
- `operator` (String) Indicates the matching method. This parameter has the following value: match: If any value in Value exists, it is considered a match.
- `type` (String) Specifies the target type. The value of this parameter is url, indicating the target is a URL.
- `value` (String) Represents a set of values separated by semicolons (;). The total length must not exceed 1,024 characters. Printable ASCII characters are allowed, except for the following: consecutive slashes (//), spaces, dollar sign ($), question mark (?), and Delete (ASCII code 127). If any value in the set matches the request, it is considered a match. When Object is path, this parameter specifies one or more paths. Paths must start with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the path, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is directory, this parameter specifies one or more directories. Directories must start and end with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the directory, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is filetype, this parameter specifies one or more file extensions. Extensions do not need to start with a period (.).




<a id="nestedatt--compression"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compression`

Read-Only:

- `compression_rules` (Attributes Set) Indicates a set of smart compression configuration rules. This parameter is required when Switch is true. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--compression--compression_rules))
- `switch` (Boolean) Smart compression configuration switch. This parameter has the following values: true: enables smart compression. false: disables smart compression.

<a id="nestedatt--compression--compression_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compression.compression_rules`

Read-Only:

- `compression_action` (Attributes) Represents the configuration for compression operations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--compression--compression_rules--compression_action))
- `condition` (Attributes) Indicates the conditions under which this configuration module takes effect, consisting of a set of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--compression--compression_rules--condition))

<a id="nestedatt--compression--compression_rules--compression_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compression.compression_rules.compression_action`

Read-Only:

- `compression_format` (String) If the matching condition is based on the Content-Type header (when Condition is null or not specified), this parameter specifies the matching criteria for Content-Type. The values are as follows: default: matches file types included in the default Content-Type list. customize: matches custom file types in the Content-Type header. If Condition is not null, the matching criteria are defined in ConditionRule. In this case, this parameter must be set to all.
- `compression_target` (String) Specifies the file types to compress. The parameter is described as follows: If CompressionFormat is default, this parameter must be set to *, indicating the default Content-Type list. The list includes the following file types: text/html, text/xml, text/plain, text/css, application/javascript, application/x-javascript, application/rss+xml, text/javascript, image/tiff, image/svg+xml, application/json, application/xml, text/plain; charset=utf-8. If CompressionFormat is customize, you need to specify one or more file types. Multiple file types are separated by commas (,). If CompressionFormat is all, this parameter must be set to *.
- `compression_type` (Set of String) Compression algorithm: gzip and br specify the compression type. default: compresses all files by default, with the target count as *. customize: compresses custom file types. Choices: [default, customize]
- `max_file_size_kb` (Number) Indicates the minimum value for the file size range. CDN only compresses files within the range specified by MinFileSizeKB and MaxFileSizeKB. The parameter value range is 0   - 2,147,483,647, the unit is KB, and the base is 1,024. The default value is 0.
- `min_file_size_kb` (Number) Indicates the maximum value for the file size range. The value range is 0   - 2,147,483,647, in KB, using a base of 1,024. If this parameter is not specified, there is no upper limit for file size.


<a id="nestedatt--compression--compression_rules--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compression.compression_rules.condition`

Read-Only:

- `condition_rule` (Attributes Set) Indicates a rule set. When a user request is received, the content delivery network matches the rules in the set to the request in order. If a rule matches the request, the content delivery network stops matching the remaining rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--compression--compression_rules--condition--condition_rule))
- `connective` (String) Represents the logical relationship between multiple ConditionRule entries. This parameter has the following values: AND: indicates the logical relationship is 'AND'. OR: indicates the logical relationship is 'OR'. The default value is OR.

<a id="nestedatt--compression--compression_rules--condition--condition_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compression.compression_rules.condition.condition_rule`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) When Object is query_name or customize, this parameter is valid. If Object is query_name, this parameter indicates the name of a query parameter. If Object is customize, this parameter indicates the name of a custom header. The length of Name cannot exceed 256 characters and can include digits, letters, percent sign (%), underscore (_), and hyphen (-).
- `object` (String) Specifies the type of matching object. The content delivery network applies matching rules to objects of the specified type in the target. This parameter supports the following values: path: matches the path in the target. directory: matches the directory in the target. filetype: matches the file extension in the target.
- `operator` (String) Indicates the matching method. This parameter has the following value: match: If any value in Value exists, it is considered a match.
- `type` (String) Specifies the target type. The value of this parameter is url, indicating the target is a URL.
- `value` (String) Represents a set of values separated by semicolons (;). The total length must not exceed 1,024 characters. Printable ASCII characters are allowed, except for the following: consecutive slashes (//), spaces, dollar sign ($), question mark (?), and Delete (ASCII code 127). If any value in the set matches the request, it is considered a match. When Object is path, this parameter specifies one or more paths. Paths must start with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the path, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is directory, this parameter specifies one or more directories. Directories must start and end with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the directory, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is filetype, this parameter specifies one or more file extensions. Extensions do not need to start with a period (.).





<a id="nestedatt--conditional_origin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditional_origin`

Read-Only:

- `origin_rules` (Attributes Set) Indicates a list of rules. Each rule in the list defines a filter and the action the content delivery network performs on requests that meet the filter criteria.
  
  The list can contain up to 50 rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditional_origin--origin_rules))
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether this feature is enabled. The parameter has the following values: true: enables the feature. false: disables the feature. The default value is false.

<a id="nestedatt--conditional_origin--origin_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditional_origin.origin_rules`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (Attributes) Indicates the operation configuration for a rule in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditional_origin--origin_rules--actions))
- `condition` (Attributes) Represents the conditions under which this configuration module takes effect, consisting of a set of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditional_origin--origin_rules--condition))

<a id="nestedatt--conditional_origin--origin_rules--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditional_origin.origin_rules.actions`

Read-Only:

- `origin_lines` (Attributes Set) Indicates a list of origin configurations. Currently, the list can contain only one origin configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditional_origin--origin_rules--actions--origin_lines))

<a id="nestedatt--conditional_origin--origin_rules--actions--origin_lines"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditional_origin.origin_rules.actions.origin_lines`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Represents the address of an origin server. When InstanceType is ip, Address specifies an IPv4 or IPv6 address. When InstanceType is domain, Address specifies a domain name. The domain name cannot be a wildcard domain. If you specify OriginLines, Address is required.
- `http_port` (String) Indicates the port used by the content delivery network to access the origin server via the HTTP protocol. The valid range is 1–65535, with a default value of 80. If the origin server does not have this port open, you do not need to specify this parameter.
- `https_port` (String) Specifies the port used by the content delivery network to access the origin server via HTTPS. The value range is 1–65535, and the default is 443. If the origin server does not open this port, you do not need to specify this parameter.
- `instance_type` (String) Indicates the type of origin. The parameter has the following values: ip: indicates an IP address. domain: indicates a domain name. InstanceType is required if OriginLines is specified.
- `origin_host` (String) If there are multiple sites on the origin server, this parameter specifies the domain name accessed by the origin request. This parameter takes precedence over the global OriginHost parameter. The value of this parameter cannot exceed 1,024 characters. The default value is the same as the global OriginHost.



<a id="nestedatt--conditional_origin--origin_rules--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditional_origin.origin_rules.condition`

Read-Only:

- `condition_groups` (Attributes Set) ConditionGroups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditional_origin--origin_rules--condition--condition_groups))
- `connective` (String) Specifies the relationship between these condition groups. This parameter has the following values: or: Indicates an 'or' relationship. In this case, if any condition group is met, the user request matches the rule. and: Indicates an 'and' relationship. In this case, all condition groups must be met for the user request to match the rule. The default value is or.
- `is_group` (Boolean) Indicates whether each filter condition is a condition group. The value of this parameter is always true, meaning each filter condition is a condition group. Currently, each condition group can only contain one filter condition.

<a id="nestedatt--conditional_origin--origin_rules--condition--condition_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditional_origin.origin_rules.condition.condition_groups`

Read-Only:

- `condition` (Attributes) Indicates the conditions under which this configuration module takes effect, consisting of a set of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditional_origin--origin_rules--condition--condition_groups--condition))

<a id="nestedatt--conditional_origin--origin_rules--condition--condition_groups--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditional_origin.origin_rules.condition.condition_groups.condition`

Read-Only:

- `object` (String) Indicates a filter type. This parameter has the following values: path: The full path in the request URL. directory: Any directory in the path. For example, if the path is /a/b/c/d/file, then /a/, /b/c/, and /d/ are directories. filetype: The extension at the end of the path. full_querystring: The query string in the request URL. client_ip: The client's IP address or the location associated with the IP address. If you specify Condition, Object is required.
- `operator` (String) Specifies a comparison type. Different Objects correspond to different values. When Object is path, directory, or filetype, the parameter values are equal and not_equal. When Object is path, additional values are regex_match and regex_not_match. When Object is full_querystring, the values are regex_match and regex_not_match. When Object is client_ip, the values are equal, not_equal, belong, and not_belong. The comparison types are explained as follows: equal: If Object matches any filter value in Value, the request meets this filter condition. not_equal: If Object does not match any filter value in Value, the request meets this filter condition. regex_match: If any regular expression in Value matches any part of Object, the request meets this filter condition. regex_not_match: If none of the regular expressions in Value match any part of Object, the request meets this filter condition. belong: If the client IP address belongs to any country or region listed in Value, the request meets this filter condition. not_belong: If the client IP address does not belong to any country or region listed in Value, the request meets this filter condition. If you specify Condition, Operator is required.
- `value` (Set of String) Represents one or more filter values. Filter values are separated by semicolons (;). The input requirements for this parameter are as follows: When Object is path, directory, or filetype, the total length of all filter values must not exceed 1,024 characters and must not contain the following characters: consecutive slashes (//), spaces, dollar sign ($), question mark (?), or Delete (ASCII code 127). When Object is path, this parameter has the following additional requirements: each filter value must start with a slash (/) but must not end with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the filter value, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. For example: /www/img/my*image.png. When Object is directory, this parameter has the following additional requirements: each filter value must start and end with a slash (/). For example: /www/img/. When Object is filetype, this parameter has the following additional requirements: each filter value does not need to start with a period (.). For example: png;txt. When Object is full_querystring, the input requirements for this parameter are as follows: the total length of all filter values must not exceed 256 characters. Filter values can include numbers, letters, percent sign (%), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). When Object is client_ip, if Operator is equal or not_equal, the input requirements for this parameter are as follows: the number of IP addresses must not exceed 5. IP addresses must be IPv4 addresses. If you specify Condition, Value is required.






<a id="nestedatt--custom_error_page"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_error_page`

Read-Only:

- `error_page_rule` (Attributes Set) Indicates a set of configuration rules. You can add up to 50 rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_error_page--error_page_rule))
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether this feature is enabled. The parameter values are: true: Enabled. false: Disabled. The default value is false.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_error_page--error_page_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_error_page.error_page_rule`

Read-Only:

- `error_page_action` (Attributes) Indicates the relevant configuration for the rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_error_page--error_page_rule--error_page_action))

<a id="nestedatt--custom_error_page--error_page_rule--error_page_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_error_page.error_page_rule.error_page_action`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Indicates the actual operation. Currently, you can only set this parameter to redirect. This means the client request will be redirected.
- `redirect_code` (String) Indicates the response status code for redirection. You can select an appropriate status code as needed. The available values are 301, 302, 303, 307, and 308. Note: For 301 and 302, if the original request method is not GET, the client may use GET when sending the new request to the new URL. For 303, the new request method is GET. For 307 and 308, the new request method remains the same as the original request and will not be changed.
- `redirect_url` (String) Indicates the target address for redirection. The length must not exceed 1,024 characters. The address must include the protocol, domain name, and path, and comply with URL specifications.
- `status_code` (String) Indicates a status code, with a value range of 400–599. You can enter 4xx or 5xx. 4xx covers all status codes from 400 to 499. 5xx covers all status codes from 500 to 599.




<a id="nestedatt--customize_access_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customize_access_rule`

Read-Only:

- `customize_instances` (Attributes Set) Describes a rule list. Each rule in the list defines a Denylist or Allowlist configuration. The list can contain up to 10 rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--customize_access_rule--customize_instances))
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether this feature is enabled. This parameter has the following options: true: Enable this feature. false: Disable this feature. The default value for this parameter is false.

<a id="nestedatt--customize_access_rule--customize_instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customize_access_rule.customize_instances`

Read-Only:

- `customize_rule` (Attributes) Describes the configuration for a rule in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--customize_access_rule--customize_instances--customize_rule))

<a id="nestedatt--customize_access_rule--customize_instances--customize_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customize_access_rule.customize_instances.customize_rule`

Read-Only:

- `access_action` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration of the denylist or allowlist in this rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--customize_access_rule--customize_instances--customize_rule--access_action))
- `condition` (Attributes) Indicates the conditions under which this configuration module takes effect, consisting of a set of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--customize_access_rule--customize_instances--customize_rule--condition))

<a id="nestedatt--customize_access_rule--customize_instances--customize_rule--access_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customize_access_rule.customize_instances.customize_rule.access_action`

Read-Only:

- `allow_empty` (Boolean) Indicates whether the CDN accepts user requests where the RequestHeader value is empty. An empty header value refers to either of the following situations: The user request does not include RequestHeader. The user request includes RequestHeader, but the header value is empty ("").
- `list_rules` (Set of String) Indicates a list of regular expressions used to match the value of the request header. The list can contain up to 20 regular expressions, and the total length of all expressions cannot exceed 1,024 characters. The relationship between the regular expressions is OR. That is, if the value of RequestHeader in a user request matches any regular expression, the rule applies to the request.
- `request_header` (String) Indicates a specified request header. Header names are case-insensitive and must meet the following requirements: The name must not exceed 1,024 characters. The name cannot be Referer, User-Agent, or Origin. The name can contain letters, digits, underscores (_), and hyphens (-). The name cannot start with a digit.
- `rule_type` (String) Indicates the type of list. This parameter has the following values: allow: defines an allowlist in this rule. If a user request does not match the allowlist, the CDN rejects the request and returns a 403 status code. deny: defines a denylist in this rule. If a user request matches the denylist, the CDN rejects the request and returns a 403 status code.


<a id="nestedatt--customize_access_rule--customize_instances--customize_rule--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customize_access_rule.customize_instances.customize_rule.condition`

Read-Only:

- `condition_rule` (Attributes Set) Indicates a rule set. When a user request is received, the content delivery network matches the rules in the set to the request in order. If a rule matches the request, the content delivery network stops matching the remaining rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--customize_access_rule--customize_instances--customize_rule--condition--condition_rule))
- `connective` (String) Represents the logical relationship between multiple ConditionRule entries. This parameter has the following values: AND: indicates the logical relationship is 'AND'. OR: indicates the logical relationship is 'OR'. The default value is OR.

<a id="nestedatt--customize_access_rule--customize_instances--customize_rule--condition--condition_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customize_access_rule.customize_instances.customize_rule.condition.condition_rule`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) When Object is query_name or customize, this parameter is valid. If Object is query_name, this parameter indicates the name of a query parameter. If Object is customize, this parameter indicates the name of a custom header. The length of Name cannot exceed 256 characters and can include digits, letters, percent sign (%), underscore (_), and hyphen (-).
- `object` (String) Specifies the type of matching object. The content delivery network applies matching rules to objects of the specified type in the target. This parameter supports the following values: path: matches the path in the target. directory: matches the directory in the target. filetype: matches the file extension in the target.
- `operator` (String) Indicates the matching method. This parameter has the following value: match: If any value in Value exists, it is considered a match.
- `type` (String) Specifies the target type. The value of this parameter is url, indicating the target is a URL.
- `value` (String) Represents a set of values separated by semicolons (;). The total length must not exceed 1,024 characters. Printable ASCII characters are allowed, except for the following: consecutive slashes (//), spaces, dollar sign ($), question mark (?), and Delete (ASCII code 127). If any value in the set matches the request, it is considered a match. When Object is path, this parameter specifies one or more paths. Paths must start with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the path, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is directory, this parameter specifies one or more directories. Directories must start and end with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the directory, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is filetype, this parameter specifies one or more file extensions. Extensions do not need to start with a period (.).






<a id="nestedatt--domain_lock"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domain_lock`

Read-Only:

- `remark` (String) Indicates the reason why the acceleration domain is locked. If Status is on, this parameter provides a description of the reason. If Status is off, this parameter is empty ("")
- `status` (String) Indicates the lock status of the acceleration domain name. The parameter has the following values: on: the acceleration domain name is locked. off: the acceleration domain name is not locked.


<a id="nestedatt--download_speed_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `download_speed_limit`

Read-Only:

- `download_speed_limit_rules` (Attributes Set) Indicates the rule for download rate limiting. This parameter is required when Switch is true. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--download_speed_limit--download_speed_limit_rules))
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether this feature is enabled. The parameter has the following values: true: enables the feature. false: disables the feature. The default value is false.

<a id="nestedatt--download_speed_limit--download_speed_limit_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `download_speed_limit.download_speed_limit_rules`

Read-Only:

- `condition` (Attributes) Indicates the conditions under which this configuration module takes effect, consisting of a set of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--download_speed_limit--download_speed_limit_rules--condition))
- `download_speed_limit_action` (Attributes) Indicates the rate limiting configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--download_speed_limit--download_speed_limit_rules--download_speed_limit_action))

<a id="nestedatt--download_speed_limit--download_speed_limit_rules--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `download_speed_limit.download_speed_limit_rules.condition`

Read-Only:

- `condition_rule` (Attributes Set) Indicates a rule set. When a user request is received, the content delivery network matches the rules in the set to the request in order. If a rule matches the request, the content delivery network stops matching the remaining rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--download_speed_limit--download_speed_limit_rules--condition--condition_rule))
- `connective` (String) Represents the logical relationship between multiple ConditionRule entries. This parameter has the following values: AND: indicates the logical relationship is 'AND'. OR: indicates the logical relationship is 'OR'. The default value is OR.

<a id="nestedatt--download_speed_limit--download_speed_limit_rules--condition--condition_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `download_speed_limit.download_speed_limit_rules.condition.condition_rule`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) When Object is query_name or customize, this parameter is valid. If Object is query_name, this parameter indicates the name of a query parameter. If Object is customize, this parameter indicates the name of a custom header. The length of Name cannot exceed 256 characters and can include digits, letters, percent sign (%), underscore (_), and hyphen (-).
- `object` (String) Specifies the type of matching object. The content delivery network applies matching rules to objects of the specified type in the target. This parameter supports the following values: path: matches the path in the target. directory: matches the directory in the target. filetype: matches the file extension in the target.
- `operator` (String) Indicates the matching method. This parameter has the following value: match: If any value in Value exists, it is considered a match.
- `type` (String) Specifies the target type. The value of this parameter is url, indicating the target is a URL.
- `value` (String) Represents a set of values separated by semicolons (;). The total length must not exceed 1,024 characters. Printable ASCII characters are allowed, except for the following: consecutive slashes (//), spaces, dollar sign ($), question mark (?), and Delete (ASCII code 127). If any value in the set matches the request, it is considered a match. When Object is path, this parameter specifies one or more paths. Paths must start with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the path, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is directory, this parameter specifies one or more directories. Directories must start and end with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the directory, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is filetype, this parameter specifies one or more file extensions. Extensions do not need to start with a period (.).



<a id="nestedatt--download_speed_limit--download_speed_limit_rules--download_speed_limit_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `download_speed_limit.download_speed_limit_rules.download_speed_limit_action`

Read-Only:

- `speed_limit_rate` (Number) Indicates the maximum download speed for a single request, measured in B/S. The parameter range is 1–1,073,741,824,000,000, using a base conversion of 1,024.
- `speed_limit_rate_after` (Number) Represents a data volume. Download throttling is enabled for a request only when the amount of data downloaded in a single request reaches this value. Unit: Byte. The parameter range is 0–1,073,741,824,000,000, using a base of 1,024 for conversion.
- `speed_limit_time` (Attributes) Indicates the date and time period when rate limiting occurs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--download_speed_limit--download_speed_limit_rules--download_speed_limit_action--speed_limit_time))

<a id="nestedatt--download_speed_limit--download_speed_limit_rules--download_speed_limit_action--speed_limit_time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `download_speed_limit.download_speed_limit_rules.download_speed_limit_action.speed_limit_time`

Read-Only:

- `begin_time` (String) Indicates the start time for rate limiting. The time format is mm:ss. If the DayWeek parameter value is unlimited, the default values for BeginTime and EndTime will be set to 00:00 and 23:59, respectively.
- `day_week` (String) Specifies the date when rate limiting occurs. This parameter has the following values: monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday, saturday, sunday, unlimited. unlimited means every day. You can specify one or more values. Separate multiple values with a semicolon (;).
- `end_time` (String) Indicates the end time for rate limiting. The time format is mm:ss. If the DayWeek parameter is set to unlimited, the default values for BeginTime and EndTime are 00:00 and 23:59, respectively.





<a id="nestedatt--http_forced_redirect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_forced_redirect`

Read-Only:

- `enable_forced_redirect` (Boolean) Indicates whether this feature is enabled. The parameter values are: true: enables the feature. When enabled, the content delivery network redirects incoming HTTPS requests to HTTP requests. false: disables the feature. The content delivery network does not redirect HTTPS requests to HTTP requests. To enable this feature, your acceleration domain must have HTTPS enabled.
- `status_code` (String) Indicates the redirect status code returned by the content delivery network when it receives an HTTPS request. This parameter has the following values: 301: indicates the 301 response status code. 302: indicates the 302 response status code. The default value for this parameter is 301.


<a id="nestedatt--https"></a>
### Nested Schema for `https`

Read-Only:

- `cert_check` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the 'mutual authentication' feature. To configure 'mutual authentication'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--https--cert_check))
- `cert_info` (Attributes) Indicates the single certificate to be associated with the acceleration domain name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--https--cert_info))
- `cert_info_list` (Attributes Set) Indicates the dual certificate to be associated with the acceleration domain name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--https--cert_info_list))
- `disable_http` (Boolean) Indicates whether to allow requests where the URL scheme is HTTP. The parameter values are: true: allows requests with HTTP scheme. false: does not allow requests with HTTP scheme. The default value is false.
- `forced_redirect` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the 'HTTP Forced Redirect to HTTPS' feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--https--forced_redirect))
- `hsts` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration module for the HSTS feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--https--hsts))
- `http2` (Boolean) HTTP/2 configuration switch. This parameter has the following values: true: enables HTTP/2. false: disables HTTP/2. To enable HTTP/2, you must first enable HTTPS. This feature is disabled by default. However, HTTP/2 is enabled by default in the following scenarios: The business type of the accelerated domain is web (ServiceType is web). The accelerated domain has already enabled HTTPS.
- `ocsp` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable OCSP stapling. This parameter has the following values: true: enables OCSP stapling. false: disables OCSP stapling. To enable OCSP stapling, you must first enable HTTPS. The default value is false.
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable the HTTPS feature. This parameter has the following values: true: enables the feature; false: disables the feature. If Switch is true, you must specify a certificate. If you specify a single certificate, you need to provide CertInfo. If you specify dual certificates, you need to provide CertInfoList. The certificate you specify can be hosted in the certificate center or on the content delivery network.
- `tls_version` (Set of String) Indicates the configuration module for the "TLS Version" feature. This parameter specifies the TLS versions that user requests can use, with the following options: tlsv1.0: TLS 1.0 tlsv1.1: TLS 1.1 tlsv1.2: TLS 1.2 tlsv1.3: TLS 1.3 The default value for this parameter is ["tlsv1.1", "tlsv1.2", "tlsv1.3"]

<a id="nestedatt--https--cert_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `https.cert_check`

Read-Only:

- `cert_info_list` (Attributes Set) Specifies a list of CA certificates to associate with the accelerated domain name. The list can contain up to two CA certificates. These CA certificates can be already hosted on the content delivery network or pending upload. The encryption algorithm for CA certificates can be RSA, ECC, or SM2. If a CA certificate is hosted on the content delivery network, you need to specify its ID in CertId. If the certificate is pending upload, you need to specify the Certificate structure and define the certificate within it. After you upload the certificate, it will be hosted on the content delivery network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--https--cert_check--cert_info_list))
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable this feature. This parameter has the following values: true: enables the feature; false: disables the feature. The default value is false.

<a id="nestedatt--https--cert_check--cert_info_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `https.cert_check.cert_info_list`

Read-Only:

- `cert_id` (String) Indicates the ID of a CA certificate hosted on the content delivery network. The ID starts with cert_hosting-.
- `cert_name` (String) Represents the content of the Common Name (CN) field in the CA certificate.
- `certificate` (Attributes) Indicates a CA certificate to be uploaded. The uploaded certificate is hosted on the content delivery network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--https--cert_check--cert_info_list--certificate))
- `effective_time` (Number) Indicates the issuance time of the certificate, in Unix timestamp.
- `encry_type` (String) Indicates the encryption algorithm used by the certificate. The parameter has the following values: inter_cert: RSA or ECC encryption algorithm. sm_cert: SM2 encryption algorithm.
- `expire_time` (Number) Indicates the expiration time of the certificate, as a Unix timestamp.
- `source` (String) Specifies the certificate hosting location. The parameter values are: volc_cert_center: certificate center; cdn_cert_hosting: content delivery network.

<a id="nestedatt--https--cert_check--cert_info_list--certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `https.cert_check.cert_info_list.certificate`

Read-Only:

- `certificate` (String) Indicates the content of the certificate file. Line breaks in the content must be replaced with \r\n. The certificate file extension is .crt or .pem, and the certificate file must include the complete certificate chain.
  
  If the certificate uses the RSA or ECC encryption algorithm, this file is the server certificate file you need to upload. The file name is similar to <domain>.crt. The public key in this certificate file is used to verify the server's signature and encrypt session keys. If the certificate uses the SM2 encryption algorithm, this file is the SM2 certificate file you need to upload. The file name is similar to <domain>_sign.crt. The public key in this certificate file is used to verify the server's signature. For certificates to be uploaded, this parameter is required.
- `encryption_cert` (String) Specifies the content of the certificate file for the SM certificate Line breaks in the content must be replaced with \r\n The public key contained in this file is used to encrypt the session key The file extension must be .crt or .pem, and the certificate file must include the complete certificate chain If the certificate to be uploaded is not an SM certificate, this parameter is invalid
- `encryption_key` (String) Indicates the content of the private key file for the SM certificate. Line breaks in the content must be replaced with \r\n. This file is used for decryption and has an extension of .key or .pem. The file name is similar to <domain>_encrypt.key.
- `private_key` (String) Indicates the content of the private key file. Line breaks in the content must be replaced with \r\n. The private key file extension is .key or .pem. If the certificate uses the RSA or ECC encryption algorithm, this file is the private key file for the server certificate you want to upload. The file name is similar to <domain>.key. The private key contained in this file is used to verify the server's signature and encrypt session keys. If the certificate uses the SM2 encryption algorithm, this file is the private key file for the national cryptography certificate you want to upload. The file name is similar to <domain>_sign.key. The private key contained in this file is used to verify the server's signature. For certificates to be uploaded, this parameter is required.




<a id="nestedatt--https--cert_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `https.cert_info`

Read-Only:

- `cert_id` (String) Represents the ID of a CA certificate hosted on the content delivery network. The ID starts with cert_hosting-.
- `cert_name` (String) Indicates the content of the Common Name (CN) field in the CA certificate.
- `certificate` (Attributes) Indicates a CA certificate to be uploaded. The uploaded certificate is hosted on the CDN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--https--cert_info--certificate))
- `effective_time` (Number) Indicates the issuance time of the certificate, in Unix timestamp.
- `encry_type` (String) Indicates the encryption algorithm used by the certificate. The parameter has the following values: inter_cert: RSA or ECC encryption algorithm. sm_cert: SM2 encryption algorithm.
- `expire_time` (Number) Indicates the expiration time of the certificate, in Unix timestamp.
- `source` (String) Indicates the location where the certificate is hosted. This parameter has the following values: volc_cert_center: Certificate Center. cdn_cert_hosting: Content Delivery Network.

<a id="nestedatt--https--cert_info--certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `https.cert_info.certificate`

Read-Only:

- `certificate` (String) Indicates the content of the certificate file. Line breaks in the content must be replaced with \r\n. The certificate file extension is .crt or .pem, and the certificate file must include the complete certificate chain.
  
  If the certificate uses the RSA or ECC encryption algorithm, this file is the server certificate file you need to upload. The file name is similar to <domain>.crt. The public key in this certificate file is used to verify the server's signature and encrypt session keys. If the certificate uses the SM2 encryption algorithm, this file is the SM2 certificate file you need to upload. The file name is similar to <domain>_sign.crt. The public key in this certificate file is used to verify the server's signature. For certificates to be uploaded, this parameter is required.
- `encryption_cert` (String) Specifies the content of the certificate file for the SM certificate Line breaks in the content must be replaced with \r\n The public key contained in this file is used to encrypt the session key The file extension must be .crt or .pem, and the certificate file must include the complete certificate chain If the certificate to be uploaded is not an SM certificate, this parameter is invalid
- `encryption_key` (String) Indicates the content of the private key file for the SM certificate. Line breaks in the content must be replaced with \r\n. This file is used for decryption and has an extension of .key or .pem. The file name is similar to <domain>_encrypt.key.
- `private_key` (String) Indicates the content of the private key file. Line breaks in the content must be replaced with \r\n. The private key file extension is .key or .pem. If the certificate uses the RSA or ECC encryption algorithm, this file is the private key file for the server certificate you want to upload. The file name is similar to <domain>.key. The private key contained in this file is used to verify the server's signature and encrypt session keys. If the certificate uses the SM2 encryption algorithm, this file is the private key file for the national cryptography certificate you want to upload. The file name is similar to <domain>_sign.key. The private key contained in this file is used to verify the server's signature. For certificates to be uploaded, this parameter is required.



<a id="nestedatt--https--cert_info_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `https.cert_info_list`

Read-Only:

- `cert_id` (String) Indicates the ID of a CA certificate hosted on the content delivery network. The ID starts with cert_hosting-.
- `cert_name` (String) Represents the content of the Common Name (CN) field in the CA certificate.
- `certificate` (Attributes) Indicates a CA certificate to be uploaded. The uploaded certificate is hosted on the content delivery network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--https--cert_info_list--certificate))
- `effective_time` (Number) Indicates the issuance time of the certificate, in Unix timestamp.
- `encry_type` (String) Indicates the encryption algorithm used by the certificate. The parameter has the following values: inter_cert: RSA or ECC encryption algorithm. sm_cert: SM2 encryption algorithm.
- `expire_time` (Number) Indicates the expiration time of the certificate, as a Unix timestamp.
- `source` (String) Specifies the certificate hosting location. The parameter values are: volc_cert_center: certificate center; cdn_cert_hosting: content delivery network.

<a id="nestedatt--https--cert_info_list--certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `https.cert_info_list.certificate`

Read-Only:

- `certificate` (String) Indicates the content of the certificate file. Line breaks in the content must be replaced with \r\n. The certificate file extension is .crt or .pem, and the certificate file must include the complete certificate chain.
  
  If the certificate uses the RSA or ECC encryption algorithm, this file is the server certificate file you need to upload. The file name is similar to <domain>.crt. The public key in this certificate file is used to verify the server's signature and encrypt session keys. If the certificate uses the SM2 encryption algorithm, this file is the SM2 certificate file you need to upload. The file name is similar to <domain>_sign.crt. The public key in this certificate file is used to verify the server's signature. For certificates to be uploaded, this parameter is required.
- `encryption_cert` (String) Specifies the content of the certificate file for the SM certificate Line breaks in the content must be replaced with \r\n The public key contained in this file is used to encrypt the session key The file extension must be .crt or .pem, and the certificate file must include the complete certificate chain If the certificate to be uploaded is not an SM certificate, this parameter is invalid
- `encryption_key` (String) Indicates the content of the private key file for the SM certificate. Line breaks in the content must be replaced with \r\n. This file is used for decryption and has an extension of .key or .pem. The file name is similar to <domain>_encrypt.key.
- `private_key` (String) Indicates the content of the private key file. Line breaks in the content must be replaced with \r\n. The private key file extension is .key or .pem. If the certificate uses the RSA or ECC encryption algorithm, this file is the private key file for the server certificate you want to upload. The file name is similar to <domain>.key. The private key contained in this file is used to verify the server's signature and encrypt session keys. If the certificate uses the SM2 encryption algorithm, this file is the private key file for the national cryptography certificate you want to upload. The file name is similar to <domain>_sign.key. The private key contained in this file is used to verify the server's signature. For certificates to be uploaded, this parameter is required.



<a id="nestedatt--https--forced_redirect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `https.forced_redirect`

Read-Only:

- `enable_forced_redirect` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable this feature. This parameter has the following values: true: enables the feature. When enabled, the content delivery network redirects HTTP requests to HTTPS requests. false: disables the feature. When disabled, the content delivery network does not redirect HTTP requests to HTTPS requests. To enable this feature, your acceleration domain must have HTTPS enabled.
- `status_code` (String) Indicates the redirect response status code for the CDN when receiving HTTPS requests. The parameter values are: 301: returns status code 301. 302: returns status code 302. The default value is 301.


<a id="nestedatt--https--hsts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `https.hsts`

Read-Only:

- `subdomain` (String) Indicates whether the HSTS configuration also applies to subdomains of the accelerated domain. The parameter has the following values: include: applies HSTS configuration to subdomain sites. exclude: does not apply HSTS configuration to subdomain sites. The default value is exclude.
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable this feature. This parameter has the following values: true: enables the feature; false: disables the feature. The default value is false.
- `ttl` (Number) Indicates the cache expiration time for the Strict-Transport-Security response header in the browser, in seconds. If Switch is true, this parameter is required. The value range is 0–31,536,000. 31,536,000 seconds equals 365 days. If the value is 0, it is equivalent to disabling the HSTS setting.



<a id="nestedatt--i_pv_6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `i_pv_6`

Read-Only:

- `switch` (Boolean) Specifies whether to enable IPv6 configuration. This parameter has the following values: true: Enables IPv6. false: Disables IPv6.


<a id="nestedatt--ip_access_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_access_rule`

Read-Only:

- `ip` (Set of String) Specifies IP addresses in the denylist or allowlist. This parameter is required when Switch is true. You can specify one or more IP addresses and IP address ranges. IP addresses and ranges can be in IPv4 or IPv6 format. You can enter up to 1,000 addresses. If you specify SharedConfig, you cannot specify this parameter.
- `rule_type` (String) Indicates the type of IP list. This parameter is required when Switch is true. Valid values are: allow: indicates Allowlist. deny: indicates Denylist. If you specify SharedConfig, you cannot specify this parameter.
- `shared_config` (Attributes) Represents a global configuration. If you specify this parameter, you cannot specify RuleType and Ip. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_access_rule--shared_config))
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether this feature is enabled. This parameter has the following values: true: enables the feature. false: disables the feature.

<a id="nestedatt--ip_access_rule--shared_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_access_rule.shared_config`

Read-Only:

- `config_name` (String) Indicates the name of a global configuration.



<a id="nestedatt--method_denied_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `method_denied_rule`

Read-Only:

- `methods` (String) Indicates one or more HTTP request methods that are disabled. When Switch is true, this parameter is required. Use commas (,) to separate multiple methods. The parameter values are: get: disables the GET request method. post: disables the POST request method. delete: disables the DELETE request method. put: disables the PUT request method. head: disables the HEAD request method. patch: disables the PATCH request method. connect: disables the CONNECT request method. options: disables the OPTIONS request method.
- `switch` (Boolean) Configuration switch for disabling methods. Use commas to separate multiple methods. Required when enabled. choices: [get, post, head, delete, put]


<a id="nestedatt--multi_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `multi_range`

Read-Only:

- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether the feature is enabled. This parameter has the following values: true: enables the feature. When enabled, CDN allows Range requests with multiple ranges. false: disables the feature. If a Range request with multiple ranges is received, CDN rejects the request and returns a 416 response status code. The default value is false.


<a id="nestedatt--negative_cache"></a>
### Nested Schema for `negative_cache`

Read-Only:

- `condition` (Attributes) Indicates the conditions under which this configuration module takes effect, consisting of a set of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--negative_cache--condition))
- `negative_cache_rule` (Attributes) Represents a list. Each element in the list is a status code cache rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--negative_cache--negative_cache_rule))

<a id="nestedatt--negative_cache--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `negative_cache.condition`

Read-Only:

- `condition_rule` (Attributes Set) Indicates a rule set. When a user request is received, the content delivery network matches the rules in the set to the request in order. If a rule matches the request, the content delivery network stops matching the remaining rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--negative_cache--condition--condition_rule))
- `connective` (String) Represents the logical relationship between multiple ConditionRule entries. This parameter has the following values: AND: indicates the logical relationship is 'AND'. OR: indicates the logical relationship is 'OR'. The default value is OR.

<a id="nestedatt--negative_cache--condition--condition_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `negative_cache.condition.condition_rule`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) When Object is query_name or customize, this parameter is valid. If Object is query_name, this parameter indicates the name of a query parameter. If Object is customize, this parameter indicates the name of a custom header. The length of Name cannot exceed 256 characters and can include digits, letters, percent sign (%), underscore (_), and hyphen (-).
- `object` (String) Specifies the type of matching object. The content delivery network applies matching rules to objects of the specified type in the target. This parameter supports the following values: path: matches the path in the target. directory: matches the directory in the target. filetype: matches the file extension in the target.
- `operator` (String) Indicates the matching method. This parameter has the following value: match: If any value in Value exists, it is considered a match.
- `type` (String) Specifies the target type. The value of this parameter is url, indicating the target is a URL.
- `value` (String) Represents a set of values separated by semicolons (;). The total length must not exceed 1,024 characters. Printable ASCII characters are allowed, except for the following: consecutive slashes (//), spaces, dollar sign ($), question mark (?), and Delete (ASCII code 127). If any value in the set matches the request, it is considered a match. When Object is path, this parameter specifies one or more paths. Paths must start with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the path, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is directory, this parameter specifies one or more directories. Directories must start and end with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the directory, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is filetype, this parameter specifies one or more file extensions. Extensions do not need to start with a period (.).



<a id="nestedatt--negative_cache--negative_cache_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `negative_cache.negative_cache_rule`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Represents the cache behavior. Currently, you can only specify cache. cache means the behavior is caching.
- `ignore_case` (Boolean) Indicates whether the CDN ignores case when matching files in a request with ConditionRule. The parameter has the following options: true: ignore case. false: do not ignore case. The default value is false.
- `status_code` (String) Specify a status code to cache. The status code range is 400–599. You can also specify 4xx or 5xx. 4xx refers to all status codes from 400 to 499. 5xx refers to all status codes from 500 to 599.
- `ttl` (Number) Indicates the cache duration for status codes, in seconds. The range is 1–315,360,000. 315,360,000 means 10 years.



<a id="nestedatt--offline_cache"></a>
### Nested Schema for `offline_cache`

Read-Only:

- `object` (String) Indicates the trigger conditions for this feature. The parameter has the following values: request_error: indicates an origin request exception. When an origin request exception occurs, the CDN cannot retrieve files from the origin and does not receive any response status code from the origin. error_code: indicates the CDN cannot retrieve files from the origin, and the origin's response status code is 5xx. request_error,error_code: indicates both conditions are included.
- `status_code` (String) Specifies the specific 5xx response status codes, ranging from 500 to 599. Separate multiple status codes with a semicolon (;). You can also enter 5xx to indicate any status code starting with the digit 5. This parameter is valid only when Object is error_code or request_error,error_code.
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether this feature is enabled. This parameter has the following values: true: enables the feature. false: disables the feature.


<a id="nestedatt--origin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin`

Read-Only:

- `condition` (Attributes) Indicates the conditions under which this configuration module takes effect, consisting of a set of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin--condition))
- `origin_action` (Attributes) Indicates origin configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin--origin_action))

<a id="nestedatt--origin--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin.condition`

Read-Only:

- `condition_rule` (Attributes Set) Indicates a rule set. When a user request is received, the content delivery network matches the rules in the set to the request in order. If a rule matches the request, the content delivery network stops matching the remaining rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin--condition--condition_rule))
- `connective` (String) Represents the logical relationship between multiple ConditionRule entries. This parameter has the following values: AND: indicates the logical relationship is 'AND'. OR: indicates the logical relationship is 'OR'. The default value is OR.

<a id="nestedatt--origin--condition--condition_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin.condition.condition_rule`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) When Object is query_name or customize, this parameter is valid. If Object is query_name, this parameter indicates the name of a query parameter. If Object is customize, this parameter indicates the name of a custom header. The length of Name cannot exceed 256 characters and can include digits, letters, percent sign (%), underscore (_), and hyphen (-).
- `object` (String) Specifies the type of matching object. The content delivery network applies matching rules to objects of the specified type in the target. This parameter supports the following values: path: matches the path in the target. directory: matches the directory in the target. filetype: matches the file extension in the target.
- `operator` (String) Indicates the matching method. This parameter has the following value: match: If any value in Value exists, it is considered a match.
- `type` (String) Specifies the target type. The value of this parameter is url, indicating the target is a URL.
- `value` (String) Represents a set of values separated by semicolons (;). The total length must not exceed 1,024 characters. Printable ASCII characters are allowed, except for the following: consecutive slashes (//), spaces, dollar sign ($), question mark (?), and Delete (ASCII code 127). If any value in the set matches the request, it is considered a match. When Object is path, this parameter specifies one or more paths. Paths must start with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the path, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is directory, this parameter specifies one or more directories. Directories must start and end with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the directory, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is filetype, this parameter specifies one or more file extensions. Extensions do not need to start with a period (.).



<a id="nestedatt--origin--origin_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin.origin_action`

Read-Only:

- `origin_lines` (Attributes Set) Indicates a list of origin configurations. Each configuration can include one or more origins. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin--origin_action--origin_lines))

<a id="nestedatt--origin--origin_action--origin_lines"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin.origin_action.origin_lines`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Indicates the origin address. The parameter has the following instructions: If InstanceType is ip, you can set an IP address. The IP address can be either IPv4 or IPv6. If InstanceType is domain, you can set a domain name. The domain name cannot be a wildcard domain. If InstanceType is tos, you can set the domain name of an object storage bucket. The bucket can be from Alibaba Cloud, Tencent Cloud, or AWS. If you specify multiple origin configurations in this API request: All primary origin configurations must have the same InstanceType. All backup origin configurations must also have the same InstanceType. If the InstanceType in the primary origin configuration is ip or domain, the InstanceType in the backup origin configuration must also be ip or domain. The total number of primary and backup origin addresses cannot exceed 50.
  
  If the InstanceType in the primary origin configuration is tos,
  
  then this API request cannot include other primary origin configurations. At the same time, you can only specify one backup origin configuration with InstanceType tos. If the object storage bucket is from a third-party cloud provider, you must specify PrivateBucketAuth.
- `http_port` (String) Indicates the port used by the content delivery network to access the origin server via the HTTP protocol. The value range is 1–65535, and the default value is 80. If the origin server does not support access on this port, you can specify the default value. This parameter is only valid when InstanceType is ip or domain.
- `https_port` (String) Indicates the port used by the content delivery network to access the origin server via HTTPS. The value range is 1-65535, and the default value is 443. If the origin server does not support access on this port, you can specify the default value. This parameter is only valid when InstanceType is ip or domain.
- `instance_type` (String) Indicates the type of origin server. This parameter has the following values: ip: The origin server is accessed via IP address. domain: The origin server is accessed via domain name. tos: The origin server is an object storage bucket.
- `origin_host` (String) If there are multiple sites on the origin server, this parameter specifies the site domain name accessed by the origin request. This parameter takes precedence over the global OriginHost parameter. The value of this parameter cannot exceed 1,024 characters. If the origin is not an object storage bucket, the default value is the same as the global OriginHost. If the origin is an object storage bucket, this parameter does not need to be set and defaults to Address.
- `origin_type` (String) Indicates the type of origin server. This parameter has the following values:   - primary: Primary origin server.   - backup: Backup origin server. At least one primary origin server configuration must be included in this API request. Backup origin server configuration is optional.
- `private_bucket_access` (Boolean) Indicates whether private read permissions are enabled for the object storage bucket. This parameter is only valid when InstanceType is tos. The parameter values are: true: Enabled. false: Not enabled. The default value is false.
- `private_bucket_auth` (Attributes) Represents the authentication information for the object storage bucket of a third-party cloud provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin--origin_action--origin_lines--private_bucket_auth))
- `region` (String) This parameter is not currently available externally. Do not use this parameter.
- `weight` (String) Specifies the weight of the origin. Value range is 1–100, default is 1. The higher the weight, the more likely this origin is selected when the content delivery network sends a request to the origin. This parameter is only valid when InstanceType is ip or domain.

<a id="nestedatt--origin--origin_action--origin_lines--private_bucket_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin.origin_action.origin_lines.private_bucket_auth`

Read-Only:

- `auth_type` (String) Indicates the third-party cloud provider where the object storage bucket is located. The parameter values are: cos: Tencent Cloud. oss: Alibaba Cloud. aws: Amazon AWS.
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether the object storage bucket is from a third-party cloud provider. This parameter has the following values: true: the object storage bucket is from a third-party cloud provider. The default value is false
- `tos_auth_information` (Attributes) Specifies the access key for the third-party cloud provider. This parameter is only valid when Switch is true. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin--origin_action--origin_lines--private_bucket_auth--tos_auth_information))

<a id="nestedatt--origin--origin_action--origin_lines--private_bucket_auth--tos_auth_information"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin.origin_action.origin_lines.private_bucket_auth.tos_auth_information`

Read-Only:

- `access_key_id` (String) Specifies the AccessKey ID for your Alibaba Cloud account, SecretId for your Tencent Cloud account, or access key ID for your AWS account.
- `access_key_secret` (String) Indicates the AccessKey Secret for your Alibaba Cloud account, the SecretKey for your Tencent Cloud account, or the secret access key for your AWS account.






<a id="nestedatt--origin_access_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_access_rule`

Read-Only:

- `allow_empty` (Boolean) Specifies whether requests are allowed when the Origin header in the user request is empty (""). The parameter values are: true: allow; false: do not allow. The default value is false.
- `ignore_case` (Boolean) Indicates whether Origin is case sensitive. This parameter has the following values: true: Origin is case insensitive; false: Origin is case sensitive. The default value is true.
- `origins` (Set of String) The address list corresponding to RuleType. When Switch is true, this parameter is required. You can specify one or more IP addresses, CIDR blocks, domain names, and wildcard domain names. Domain names can be second-level domains. IP addresses can be in IPv4 or IPv6 format. You can enter up to 100 addresses. When entering domain names, you do not need to include http:// or https://. The value length cannot exceed 3,000 characters.
- `rule_type` (String) Origin list configuration type. When Switch is true, this parameter is required. The parameter has the following values: allow: indicates allowlist. deny: indicates denylist.
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether this feature is enabled. This parameter has the following values: true: enables the feature. false: disables the feature.


<a id="nestedatt--origin_arg"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_arg`

Read-Only:

- `condition` (Attributes) Indicates the conditions under which this configuration module takes effect, consisting of a set of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_arg--condition))
- `origin_arg_action` (Attributes) Represents the action performed when the Condition is met. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_arg--origin_arg_action))

<a id="nestedatt--origin_arg--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_arg.condition`

Read-Only:

- `condition_rule` (Attributes Set) Indicates a rule set. When a user request is received, the content delivery network matches the rules in the set to the request in order. If a rule matches the request, the content delivery network stops matching the remaining rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_arg--condition--condition_rule))
- `connective` (String) Represents the logical relationship between multiple ConditionRule entries. This parameter has the following values: AND: indicates the logical relationship is 'AND'. OR: indicates the logical relationship is 'OR'. The default value is OR.

<a id="nestedatt--origin_arg--condition--condition_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_arg.condition.condition_rule`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) When Object is query_name or customize, this parameter is valid. If Object is query_name, this parameter indicates the name of a query parameter. If Object is customize, this parameter indicates the name of a custom header. The length of Name cannot exceed 256 characters and can include digits, letters, percent sign (%), underscore (_), and hyphen (-).
- `object` (String) Specifies the type of matching object. The content delivery network applies matching rules to objects of the specified type in the target. This parameter supports the following values: path: matches the path in the target. directory: matches the directory in the target. filetype: matches the file extension in the target.
- `operator` (String) Indicates the matching method. This parameter has the following value: match: If any value in Value exists, it is considered a match.
- `type` (String) Specifies the target type. The value of this parameter is url, indicating the target is a URL.
- `value` (String) Represents a set of values separated by semicolons (;). The total length must not exceed 1,024 characters. Printable ASCII characters are allowed, except for the following: consecutive slashes (//), spaces, dollar sign ($), question mark (?), and Delete (ASCII code 127). If any value in the set matches the request, it is considered a match. When Object is path, this parameter specifies one or more paths. Paths must start with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the path, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is directory, this parameter specifies one or more directories. Directories must start and end with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the directory, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is filetype, this parameter specifies one or more file extensions. Extensions do not need to start with a period (.).



<a id="nestedatt--origin_arg--origin_arg_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_arg.origin_arg_action`

Read-Only:

- `origin_arg_components` (Attributes Set) Indicates a list of operations. These operations define how the CDN sets query parameters in origin requests. Currently, only one operation can be included in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_arg--origin_arg_action--origin_arg_components))

<a id="nestedatt--origin_arg--origin_arg_action--origin_arg_components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_arg.origin_arg_action.origin_arg_components`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) include: Indicates that the origin request URL includes all query parameters from the user request URL. exclude: Indicates that the origin request URL does not include any query parameters from the user request URL. addPart: Indicates that the origin request URL includes all query parameters from the user request URL, plus the query parameters specified in the Subobject. includePart: Indicates that if the user request URL contains the query parameters specified in the Subobject, the origin request URL will include these specified query parameters. excludePart: Indicates that the origin request URL includes all query parameters from the user request URL except those specified in the Subobject. set: Indicates that the origin request URL includes all query parameters from the user request URL. For the query parameters and values you specify in the Subobject, CDN will perform the following actions: If these query parameters exist in the user request URL, CDN will set their values in the origin request URL to the values you specify. If the user request URL does not contain these query parameters, CDN will add them to the origin request URL.
- `object` (String) Indicates which object the CDN performs the Action on. Currently, this parameter can only be set to queryString, which refers to the query string in the request URL.
- `subobject` (String) Represents one or more query parameters. Use semicolons (;) to separate multiple query parameters. The total length must not exceed 1,024 characters. Subobject can only contain letters, numbers, underscores (_), commas (,), hyphens (-), periods (.), and exclamation marks (!). When matching query parameters in the request URL, parameters in Subobject are case-sensitive. Additional notes for Subobject: When Action is include or exclude, Subobject must be *, which represents all query parameters in the request URL. When Action is includePart or excludePart, Subobject represents one or more query parameters, for example, param1;param2. When Action is addPart or set, Subobject represents one or more query parameters and their values in the format key=value, for example, param1=val1;param2=val2;param3=val3.




<a id="nestedatt--origin_cert_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_cert_check`

Read-Only:

- `switch` (Boolean) Switch


<a id="nestedatt--origin_retry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_retry`

Read-Only:

- `status_code` (String) Indicates one or more status codes in the range 400–599. Separate multiple status codes with a semicolon (;). You can enter 4xx or 5xx to represent all status codes starting with the digit 4 or 5.
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether this feature is enabled. The parameter values are: true: Enabled. false: Disabled. The default value is false.


<a id="nestedatt--origin_rewrite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_rewrite`

Read-Only:

- `origin_rewrite_rule` (Attributes Set) Represents a list of rules. This parameter is required when Switch is true. The list can contain up to 50 rules. The order of rules in the list defines their priority, with the first rule having the highest priority. The SourcePath in each rule specifies the scope of the rule. If you create multiple rules, rules with a broader scope should appear after those with a narrower scope. When a user request is received, the CDN matches the request against the rules in order of priority, from highest to lowest. If the request matches a rule, the CDN stops processing the remaining rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_rewrite--origin_rewrite_rule))
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable this module. The parameter has the following values: true: enables the module. false: disables the module. The default value is false.

<a id="nestedatt--origin_rewrite--origin_rewrite_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_rewrite.origin_rewrite_rule`

Read-Only:

- `condition` (Attributes) Indicates the conditions under which this configuration module takes effect, consisting of a set of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_rewrite--origin_rewrite_rule--condition))
- `origin_rewrite_action` (Attributes) Indicates a rule configuration for origin path rewrite. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_rewrite--origin_rewrite_rule--origin_rewrite_action))

<a id="nestedatt--origin_rewrite--origin_rewrite_rule--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_rewrite.origin_rewrite_rule.condition`

Read-Only:

- `condition_rule` (Attributes Set) Indicates a rule set. When a user request is received, the content delivery network matches the rules in the set to the request in order. If a rule matches the request, the content delivery network stops matching the remaining rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_rewrite--origin_rewrite_rule--condition--condition_rule))
- `connective` (String) Represents the logical relationship between multiple ConditionRule entries. This parameter has the following values: AND: indicates the logical relationship is 'AND'. OR: indicates the logical relationship is 'OR'. The default value is OR.

<a id="nestedatt--origin_rewrite--origin_rewrite_rule--condition--condition_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_rewrite.origin_rewrite_rule.condition.condition_rule`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) When Object is query_name or customize, this parameter is valid. If Object is query_name, this parameter indicates the name of a query parameter. If Object is customize, this parameter indicates the name of a custom header. The length of Name cannot exceed 256 characters and can include digits, letters, percent sign (%), underscore (_), and hyphen (-).
- `object` (String) Specifies the type of matching object. The content delivery network applies matching rules to objects of the specified type in the target. This parameter supports the following values: path: matches the path in the target. directory: matches the directory in the target. filetype: matches the file extension in the target.
- `operator` (String) Indicates the matching method. This parameter has the following value: match: If any value in Value exists, it is considered a match.
- `type` (String) Specifies the target type. The value of this parameter is url, indicating the target is a URL.
- `value` (String) Represents a set of values separated by semicolons (;). The total length must not exceed 1,024 characters. Printable ASCII characters are allowed, except for the following: consecutive slashes (//), spaces, dollar sign ($), question mark (?), and Delete (ASCII code 127). If any value in the set matches the request, it is considered a match. When Object is path, this parameter specifies one or more paths. Paths must start with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the path, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is directory, this parameter specifies one or more directories. Directories must start and end with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the directory, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is filetype, this parameter specifies one or more file extensions. Extensions do not need to start with a period (.).



<a id="nestedatt--origin_rewrite--origin_rewrite_rule--origin_rewrite_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_rewrite.origin_rewrite_rule.origin_rewrite_action`

Read-Only:

- `rewrite_type` (String) Indicates the rewrite type. This parameter supports the following values: rewrite_path: rewrites the path in the request URL. rewrite_url: rewrites both the path and query string in the request URL. The default value is rewrite_path.
- `source_path` (String) Indicates a regular expression, with a maximum length of 1,024 characters, used to match objects in the user's request URL. For a user request, if the regular expression matches any part of the object, this rule applies to the request. When RewriteType is rewrite_path, the object refers to the path in the request URL. When RewriteType is rewrite_url, the object refers to both the path and query string in the request URL.
- `target_path` (String) Indicates the object in the origin request URL after rewriting. When RewriteType is rewrite_path, this object is the path in the origin request URL. When RewriteType is rewrite_url, this object is the path and query string in the origin request URL. You can use $1, $2, $3, etc. in TargetPath to represent groups defined in the regular expression of SourcePath.




<a id="nestedatt--origin_sni"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_sni`

Read-Only:

- `sni_domain` (String) Specifies the domain name for origin SNI. When Switch is true, this parameter is required. The value cannot exceed 1,024 characters.
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether this feature is enabled. This parameter has the following options: true: Enable this feature. false: Disable this feature. The default value for this parameter is false.


<a id="nestedatt--page_optimization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `page_optimization`

Read-Only:

- `optimization_type` (Set of String) Specifies the optimization target. This parameter has the following values: html: HTML page. js: JavaScript code. css: CSS code. The default value is html. If you specify js or css, html must also be specified.
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether this feature is enabled. The parameter values are: true: The feature is enabled. false: The feature is disabled.


<a id="nestedatt--quic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `quic`

Read-Only:

- `switch` (Boolean) QUIC configuration switch. The parameter values are as follows: true: enables QUIC. false: disables QUIC. To enable QUIC, you must first enable HTTPS.


<a id="nestedatt--redirection_rewrite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redirection_rewrite`

Read-Only:

- `redirection_rule` (Attributes Set) Indicates a list of URL redirect rewrite rules. When Switch is true, this parameter is required. The list can contain up to 50 rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--redirection_rewrite--redirection_rule))
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether this configuration is enabled. This parameter has the following values: true: enables URL redirect rewrite. false: disables URL redirect rewrite.

<a id="nestedatt--redirection_rewrite--redirection_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redirection_rewrite.redirection_rule`

Read-Only:

- `redirection_action` (Attributes) Indicates a URL redirect rewrite rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--redirection_rewrite--redirection_rule--redirection_action))

<a id="nestedatt--redirection_rewrite--redirection_rule--redirection_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redirection_rewrite.redirection_rule.redirection_action`

Read-Only:

- `redirect_code` (String) Indicates the response status code for URL redirection. Valid values are 301, 302, 303, 307, and 308. Note: For 301 and 302, if the original request method is not GET, the client may use GET when sending the new request to the new URL. For 303, the new request method is GET. For 307 and 308, the new request method remains the same as the original and is not changed.
- `source_path` (String) Specifies the original file path, which is the path included in the request. The path must start with a slash (/) and cannot contain consecutive slashes (//), percent signs (%), or spaces. The value of this parameter cannot exceed 1,024 characters.
- `target_host` (String) Indicates the domain name or IP address of the site to which the target path belongs. The IP address must be IPv4. The parameter value cannot exceed 1,024 characters. The default value is your acceleration domain name.
- `target_path` (String) Indicates the target path after redirection. The path must start with a slash (/) and cannot contain consecutive slashes (//), percent signs (%), or spaces. The value cannot exceed 1,024 characters.
- `target_protocol` (String) Specifies the protocol used for the new request after URL redirection. The parameter values are: followclient: use the protocol of the original request; http: force the new request to use HTTP; https: force the new request to use HTTPS.
- `target_query_components` (Attributes) Indicates how the query parameters in the original request URL are handled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--redirection_rewrite--redirection_rule--redirection_action--target_query_components))

<a id="nestedatt--redirection_rewrite--redirection_rule--redirection_action--target_query_components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redirection_rewrite.redirection_rule.redirection_action.target_query_components`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Indicates how to handle query parameters in the original request URL. This parameter has the following values: include: includes all query parameters from the original request URL in the redirected URL. exclude: excludes all query parameters from the original request URL in the redirected URL. includePart: includes specific query parameters from the original request URL in the redirected URL. excludePart: excludes specific query parameters from the original request URL in the redirected URL.
- `value` (String) Indicates the query parameters to retain or remove. Multiple query parameters are separated by a semicolon (;). The specified query parameters cannot contain consecutive slashes (//), percent signs ("), or spaces. The default value of Value is *, which means all query parameters. If Action is include or exclude, Value must be *. If Action is includePart or excludePart, you can specify one or more query parameters. In this case, the specified query parameters cannot be *.





<a id="nestedatt--referer_access_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `referer_access_rule`

Read-Only:

- `allow_empty` (Boolean) Specifies whether the content delivery network accepts a request when the Referer header in the user's request is empty (""). This parameter has the following values: true: accepts the request; false: rejects the request. The default value is false.
- `referers` (Set of String) Indicates a list of Referers. The input requirements for this parameter are consistent with those for Referers under the CommonType of ReferersType. We recommend using ReferersType to specify the Referer list. If you specify SharedConfig, you cannot specify this parameter.
- `referers_type` (Attributes) Indicates a ReferersType object. It contains a CommonType object and a RegularType object, representing a standard Referer list and a Referer regular expression list, respectively. If you specify SharedConfig, you cannot specify this parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--referer_access_rule--referers_type))
- `rule_type` (String) Indicates the type of Referer list. This parameter is required when Switch is true. This parameter has the following values: allow: indicates Allowlist. deny: indicates Denylist.
- `shared_config` (Attributes) Represents a global configuration. If you specify this parameter, you cannot specify Referers or ReferersType. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--referer_access_rule--shared_config))
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether this feature is enabled. This parameter has the following values: true: enables the feature. false: disables the feature.

<a id="nestedatt--referer_access_rule--referers_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `referer_access_rule.referers_type`

Read-Only:

- `common_type` (Attributes) Indicates a CommonType object that contains a list of standard Referers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--referer_access_rule--referers_type--common_type))
- `regular_type` (Attributes) Specifies a RegularType object, which contains a list of regular expressions used to match the Referer header value in requests This parameter provides the allowlist feature To use this parameter, submit a ticket Note that if the Referer header value in a request matches the Referers list under CommonType or the Referers list under RegularType, the content delivery network considers it a match (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--referer_access_rule--referers_type--regular_type))

<a id="nestedatt--referer_access_rule--referers_type--common_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `referer_access_rule.referers_type.common_type`

Read-Only:

- `ignore_case` (Boolean) Specifies whether the Referers list under CommonType is case sensitive during matching. The parameter supports the following values: true: not case sensitive. false: case sensitive. The default value is true.
- `ignore_scheme` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Referer header value in this Referers list under CommonType must start with HTTP or HTTPS. This parameter has the following values: true: Referer header values that do not start with HTTP or HTTPS are valid. In this case, the content delivery network will attempt to match them with the Referers list. false: Referer header values that do not start with HTTP or HTTPS are invalid. In this case, the content delivery network determines that they do not match the Referers list under CommonType. The default value is false.
- `referers` (Set of String) Represents a standard Referer list. In this list, you can specify one or more IP addresses, CIDR blocks, domain names, and wildcard domains. Domain names can include second-level domains. IP addresses can be in IPv4 or IPv6 format. You can enter up to 1,000 IP addresses. The domain names entered must not include http:// or https://. During matching, the content delivery network compares the domain name in the Referer header of the request with the Referer list. The value of this parameter must not exceed 30,000 characters.


<a id="nestedatt--referer_access_rule--referers_type--regular_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `referer_access_rule.referers_type.regular_type`

Read-Only:

- `referers` (Set of String) Indicates a list of Referer regular expressions. The value of this parameter cannot exceed 30,000 characters.



<a id="nestedatt--referer_access_rule--shared_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `referer_access_rule.shared_config`

Read-Only:

- `config_name` (String) Indicates the name of a global configuration.



<a id="nestedatt--remote_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_auth`

Read-Only:

- `remote_auth_rules` (Attributes Set) Specifies the list of remote authentication configuration rules. When Switch is true, this parameter is required. You can add only one configuration rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules))
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether this feature is enabled. The parameter values are as follows: true: enables the feature. false: disables the feature.

<a id="nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_auth.remote_auth_rules`

Read-Only:

- `condition` (Attributes) Indicates the conditions under which this configuration module takes effect, consisting of a set of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--condition))
- `remote_auth_rule_action` (Attributes) Indicates the specific authentication configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action))

<a id="nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_auth.remote_auth_rules.condition`

Read-Only:

- `condition_rule` (Attributes Set) Indicates a rule set. When a user request is received, the content delivery network matches the rules in the set to the request in order. If a rule matches the request, the content delivery network stops matching the remaining rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--condition--condition_rule))
- `connective` (String) Represents the logical relationship between multiple ConditionRule entries. This parameter has the following values: AND: indicates the logical relationship is 'AND'. OR: indicates the logical relationship is 'OR'. The default value is OR.

<a id="nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--condition--condition_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_auth.remote_auth_rules.condition.condition_rule`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) When Object is query_name or customize, this parameter is valid. If Object is query_name, this parameter indicates the name of a query parameter. If Object is customize, this parameter indicates the name of a custom header. The length of Name cannot exceed 256 characters and can include digits, letters, percent sign (%), underscore (_), and hyphen (-).
- `object` (String) Specifies the type of matching object. The content delivery network applies matching rules to objects of the specified type in the target. This parameter supports the following values: path: matches the path in the target. directory: matches the directory in the target. filetype: matches the file extension in the target.
- `operator` (String) Indicates the matching method. This parameter has the following value: match: If any value in Value exists, it is considered a match.
- `type` (String) Specifies the target type. The value of this parameter is url, indicating the target is a URL.
- `value` (String) Represents a set of values separated by semicolons (;). The total length must not exceed 1,024 characters. Printable ASCII characters are allowed, except for the following: consecutive slashes (//), spaces, dollar sign ($), question mark (?), and Delete (ASCII code 127). If any value in the set matches the request, it is considered a match. When Object is path, this parameter specifies one or more paths. Paths must start with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the path, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is directory, this parameter specifies one or more directories. Directories must start and end with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the directory, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is filetype, this parameter specifies one or more file extensions. Extensions do not need to start with a period (.).



<a id="nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_auth.remote_auth_rules.remote_auth_rule_action`

Read-Only:

- `auth_mode_config` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration of the authentication server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--auth_mode_config))
- `auth_response_config` (Attributes) The content delivery network needs to handle the authentication status codes returned by the authentication server. This parameter specifies the relevant configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--auth_response_config))
- `query_string_rules` (Attributes) Represents the parameter settings for authentication requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--query_string_rules))
- `request_body_rules` (String) Indicates the rule for the authentication request body. You can leave this parameter unspecified or set its value to default. default means the request body is empty ("").
- `request_header_rules` (Attributes) Indicates the settings for authentication request headers. You can set up to 50 request headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--request_header_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--auth_mode_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_auth.remote_auth_rules.remote_auth_rule_action.auth_mode_config`

Read-Only:

- `backup_remote_addr` (String) Indicates the backup address of the authentication server. The address format and requirements are the same as the primary address.
- `master_remote_addr` (String) Indicates the primary address of the authentication server. The length must not exceed 100 characters. The primary address format is <scheme>://<domain>:<port> or <scheme>://<ip>:<port>, where: <scheme> is http or https. <domain> cannot be localhost. <ip> cannot be 127.0.0.1. <port> is optional.
- `path_type` (String) Indicates the path for the authentication request. The authentication address and request path together form the complete authentication URL. The content delivery network forwards the user's request to this authentication URL. The parameter accepts the following values: constant: The path in the authentication request is the same as the path in the user's request. variable: You need to specify a path for the authentication request in the pathValue parameter.
- `path_value` (String) Represents the path for an authentication request. The path cannot exceed 100 characters. It must start with a slash (/), and can include any printable ASCII characters except the following: consecutive slashes (//), percent sign (%), dollar sign ($), space, question mark (?), and Delete (ASCII code 127).
- `request_method` (String) Indicates the request method used by the content delivery network when sending authentication requests. The parameter has the following values: default: uses the same method as the user's request. get: uses the GET method. post: uses the POST method. head: uses the HEAD method.


<a id="nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--auth_response_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_auth.remote_auth_rules.remote_auth_rule_action.auth_response_config`

Read-Only:

- `cache_action` (Attributes) The content delivery network can cache authentication status codes. This parameter indicates the related configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--auth_response_config--cache_action))
- `response_action` (Attributes) Indicates how the content delivery network responds to users when authentication fails. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--auth_response_config--response_action))
- `status_code_action` (Attributes) Specifies how the content delivery network handles authentication status codes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--auth_response_config--status_code_action))
- `time_out_action` (Attributes) Specifies how the content delivery network handles authentication requests after authentication timeout. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--auth_response_config--time_out_action))

<a id="nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--auth_response_config--cache_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_auth.remote_auth_rules.remote_auth_rule_action.auth_response_config.cache_action`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Indicates whether the CDN caches authentication status codes. The parameter values are: nocache: CDN does not cache authentication status codes. cache: CDN caches authentication status codes.
- `cache_key` (Set of String) The cache key specifies the query parameters used to distinguish different request URIs. Each parameter must start with $.
- `ttl` (Number) Indicates the cache duration for authentication status codes, measured in seconds. The range is 1–86400. 86400 seconds equals 24 hours.


<a id="nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--auth_response_config--response_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_auth.remote_auth_rules.remote_auth_rule_action.auth_response_config.response_action`

Read-Only:

- `status_code` (String) Indicates the status code returned by the content delivery network to the user when authentication fails. You can specify any status code in the range 400–499. The default value is 403.


<a id="nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--auth_response_config--status_code_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_auth.remote_auth_rules.remote_auth_rule_action.auth_response_config.status_code_action`

Read-Only:

- `default_action` (String) Specifies how the content delivery network handles authentication requests when the authentication status code is neither FailCode nor SuccessCode. This parameter has the following values: reject: the content delivery network considers authentication failed; pass: the content delivery network considers authentication successful.
- `fail_code` (String) Indicates the authentication status code returned when authentication fails. You can specify one or more status codes in the range 400–499. Separate multiple status codes with a semicolon (;). You can also specify 4xx to indicate any status code between 400 and 499. The default value for this parameter is 401.
- `success_code` (String) Indicates the authentication status code for successful authentication. You can specify one or more status codes in the range 200–299. Separate multiple status codes with a semicolon (;). You can also specify 2xx to represent any status code from 200–299. The default value is 200.


<a id="nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--auth_response_config--time_out_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_auth.remote_auth_rules.remote_auth_rule_action.auth_response_config.time_out_action`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Indicates the strategy for handling authentication requests after a timeout in the content delivery network. This parameter supports the following values: reject: The content delivery network considers authentication failed. pass: The content delivery network considers authentication successful.
- `time` (Number) Specifies the authentication timeout in milliseconds. The default value is 200. The valid range is 200–3600.



<a id="nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--query_string_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_auth.remote_auth_rules.remote_auth_rule_action.query_string_rules`

Read-Only:

- `query_string_components` (Attributes) Indicates the strategy for setting authentication request parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--query_string_rules--query_string_components))
- `query_string_instances` (Attributes Set) Indicates additional parameter settings in the authentication request. You can set up to 50 parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--query_string_rules--query_string_instances))

<a id="nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--query_string_rules--query_string_components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_auth.remote_auth_rules.remote_auth_rule_action.query_string_rules.query_string_components`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Indicates whether the authentication request includes query parameters from the user's request URL. The parameter accepts the following values: exclude: The authentication request does not include any query parameters. include: The authentication request includes all query parameters. includePart: The authentication request includes specified query parameters.
- `value` (String) Indicates the parameter value corresponding to the Action parameter. The length cannot exceed 1,024 characters. The parameter accepts the following values: If Action is exclude or include, Value must be *. If Action is includePart, you need to specify one or more query parameters from the user's request URL in the Value parameter, separated by semicolons (;). You cannot specify *. Query parameters are case-sensitive and can include printable ASCII characters except for the following: double quotes (") , spaces, and Delete (ASCII code 127). The default value for this parameter is *.


<a id="nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--query_string_rules--query_string_instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_auth.remote_auth_rules.remote_auth_rule_action.query_string_rules.query_string_instances`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Describes how to set authentication request parameters. Currently, you can only set Action to set. set means to configure parameters. You need to specify the authentication request parameter to set in Key. If the specified authentication request parameter does not exist, the content delivery network adds the parameter to the authentication request. If the specified authentication request parameter already exists, the content delivery network uses the value of Value as the parameter's value.
- `key` (String) Indicates the authentication request parameter you need to set. The length must not exceed 1,024 characters. The authentication request parameter can contain printable ASCII characters except for the following: double quotes ("), space, and Delete (ASCII code 127)
- `value` (String) Indicates the value of the authentication request parameter. The length cannot exceed 1,024 characters and is case-sensitive. Value has the following options: When ValueType is constant, the authentication request parameter value is a constant. You need to specify this constant value. The constant value cannot start with a dollar sign ($) and can include any printable ASCII character except the following: double quotes (") and Delete (ASCII code 127). When ValueType is variable, the authentication request parameter value comes from a variable. You can specify a variable from the variable list. When ValueType is customize, the authentication request parameter value is a string formed by concatenating variables from the list with fixed strings. In the concatenated string, variables are represented as ${variable_name}. Example value: bind${request_uri}to${local_ip}done
- `value_type` (String) Indicates the type of authentication request parameter set in Key. ValueType has the following options: constant: The authentication request parameter is a constant. In this case, you need to specify the constant value in Value. variable: The authentication request parameter value comes from a variable. See the description for Value. customize: The authentication request parameter value is a string formed by concatenating a variable and a fixed string.



<a id="nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--request_header_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_auth.remote_auth_rules.remote_auth_rule_action.request_header_rules`

Read-Only:

- `request_header_components` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration policy for authentication request headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--request_header_rules--request_header_components))
- `request_header_instances` (Attributes Set) Specifies a set of authentication request header settings Note that when the content delivery network initiates an authentication request, the following headers may already be included in the request: X-Forwarded-Protocol, X-Forwarded-Proto, X-Client-Scheme: all three headers indicate the protocol used by the user request and are equivalent X-Real-IP: indicates the user's real IP address This header value is not affected by proxy servers X-Forwarded-For: indicates the user's IP address If the user's request passes through a proxy server, this header value becomes the proxy server's IP address It is not recommended to configure these headers in this parameter If you set these headers, their original values will be overwritten (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--request_header_rules--request_header_instances))
- `request_host` (String) Indicates the value of the HOST header in authentication requests. The default value for this parameter is default, meaning the HOST header matches your acceleration domain name.

<a id="nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--request_header_rules--request_header_components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_auth.remote_auth_rules.remote_auth_rule_action.request_header_rules.request_header_components`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Indicates whether the authentication request header includes user request headers. The parameter values are: exclude: the authentication request header does not include any user request headers. include: the authentication request header includes all user request headers. includePart: the authentication request header includes specified user request headers.
- `value` (String) Indicates the parameter value corresponding to the Action parameter. The length must not exceed 1,024 characters. The parameter has the following notes: If Action is exclude or include, Value must be *. If Action is includePart, the Value parameter can be one or more headers from the user's request. Multiple headers are separated by a semicolon (;). The value cannot be only *, and can include printable ASCII characters except for the following: underscore (_), space, double quotes ("), Delete (ASCII code 127). The default value for this parameter is *.


<a id="nestedatt--remote_auth--remote_auth_rules--remote_auth_rule_action--request_header_rules--request_header_instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_auth.remote_auth_rules.remote_auth_rule_action.request_header_rules.request_header_instances`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Indicates how to set the authentication request header. Currently, you can only set this parameter to set. set means to configure the request header. You need to specify the request header in Key. If the request header does not exist, the content delivery network adds it to the authentication request. If the request header already exists, the content delivery network uses the value specified in Value as the header value.
- `key` (String) Specifies the name of a header. The name cannot exceed 1,024 characters and is case insensitive. It can contain any printable ASCII character except: underscore (_), space, double quotes ("), and Delete (ASCII code 127).
- `value` (String) Indicates the value of the Key. This parameter is only valid when Action equals "set". If Action does not equal "set", this parameter is invalid. When ValueType is constant, you must specify a fixed string as the header value. The header value cannot exceed 1,024 characters and can contain any printable ASCII character except the following: dollar sign ($), Delete (ASCII code 127)
- `value_type` (String) Specifies the value type for the Key. This parameter is only valid when Action is set to 'set'. If Action is not 'set', this parameter is invalid. The parameter has the following values: constant: the Key value is a fixed string. variable: the Key value comes from a variable. customize: the Key value is a string formed by concatenating a variable and a fixed string.






<a id="nestedatt--request_block_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_block_rule`

Read-Only:

- `block_rule` (Attributes Set) Represents a list of interception rules. The list can contain up to 10 rules. When Switch is true, this parameter is required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_block_rule--block_rule))
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates the configuration switch for this module. This parameter has the following values: true: enables the module. false: disables the module. The default value is false.

<a id="nestedatt--request_block_rule--block_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_block_rule.block_rule`

Read-Only:

- `block_action` (Attributes) Indicates the interception configuration for a rule in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_block_rule--block_rule--block_action))
- `condition` (Attributes) Represents the conditions under which this configuration module takes effect, consisting of a set of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_block_rule--block_rule--condition))
- `rule_name` (String) Indicates the name of the rule, which must not exceed 20 characters and can include letters, numbers, underscores (_), hyphens (-), and Chinese characters. One Chinese character counts as 3 characters.

<a id="nestedatt--request_block_rule--block_rule--block_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_block_rule.block_rule.block_action`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Specifies how the content delivery network intercepts matching requests. This parameter has the following values: refuse: The content delivery network rejects the request and returns a 4xx error code. The error code is specified in StatusCode. redirect: The content delivery network redirects the request to the URL specified in RedirectUrl.
- `error_page` (String) When Action is refuse, this parameter is optional, as explained below: If specified, this parameter indicates the name of a custom response page under global configuration. When the content delivery network refuses a request, it returns this custom page. Note that 'global configuration' is an Allowlist feature. To use this feature, submit a ticket. If this parameter is not specified, the content delivery network uses the standard response body for the error code specified in StatusCode. When Action is redirect, this parameter is invalid and can be omitted.
- `redirect_url` (String) When Action is redirect, this parameter is required and specifies the redirect URL. The URL must start with http:// or https:// and cannot exceed 1,024 characters. When Action is refuse, this parameter is invalid and can be omitted.
- `status_code` (String) Represents the response status code from the content delivery network for intercepted requests. When Action is refuse, this parameter specifies an error code in the range 400–499. When Action is redirect, this parameter can be: 301: The response status code is 301. 302: The response status code is 302.


<a id="nestedatt--request_block_rule--block_rule--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_block_rule.block_rule.condition`

Read-Only:

- `condition_rule` (Attributes Set) Indicates a rule set. When a user request is received, the content delivery network matches the rules in the set to the request in order. If a rule matches the request, the content delivery network stops matching the remaining rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_block_rule--block_rule--condition--condition_rule))
- `connective` (String) Represents the logical relationship between multiple ConditionRule entries. This parameter has the following values: AND: indicates the logical relationship is 'AND'. OR: indicates the logical relationship is 'OR'. The default value is OR.

<a id="nestedatt--request_block_rule--block_rule--condition--condition_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_block_rule.block_rule.condition.condition_rule`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) When Object is query_name or customize, this parameter is valid. If Object is query_name, this parameter indicates the name of a query parameter. If Object is customize, this parameter indicates the name of a custom header. The length of Name cannot exceed 256 characters and can include digits, letters, percent sign (%), underscore (_), and hyphen (-).
- `object` (String) Specifies the type of matching object. The content delivery network applies matching rules to objects of the specified type in the target. This parameter supports the following values: path: matches the path in the target. directory: matches the directory in the target. filetype: matches the file extension in the target.
- `operator` (String) Indicates the matching method. This parameter has the following value: match: If any value in Value exists, it is considered a match.
- `type` (String) Specifies the target type. The value of this parameter is url, indicating the target is a URL.
- `value` (String) Represents a set of values separated by semicolons (;). The total length must not exceed 1,024 characters. Printable ASCII characters are allowed, except for the following: consecutive slashes (//), spaces, dollar sign ($), question mark (?), and Delete (ASCII code 127). If any value in the set matches the request, it is considered a match. When Object is path, this parameter specifies one or more paths. Paths must start with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the path, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is directory, this parameter specifies one or more directories. Directories must start and end with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the directory, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is filetype, this parameter specifies one or more file extensions. Extensions do not need to start with a period (.).





<a id="nestedatt--request_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_header`

Read-Only:

- `condition` (Attributes) Represents the conditions under which this configuration module takes effect, consisting of a set of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_header--condition))
- `request_header_action` (Attributes) Represents a list of configuration rules for request headers. Each rule includes settings for header operations. You can add up to 50 rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_header--request_header_action))

<a id="nestedatt--request_header--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_header.condition`

Read-Only:

- `condition_rule` (Attributes Set) Indicates a rule set. When a user request is received, the content delivery network matches the rules in the set to the request in order. If a rule matches the request, the content delivery network stops matching the remaining rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_header--condition--condition_rule))
- `connective` (String) Represents the logical relationship between multiple ConditionRule entries. This parameter has the following values: AND: indicates the logical relationship is 'AND'. OR: indicates the logical relationship is 'OR'. The default value is OR.

<a id="nestedatt--request_header--condition--condition_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_header.condition.condition_rule`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) When Object is query_name or customize, this parameter is valid. If Object is query_name, this parameter indicates the name of a query parameter. If Object is customize, this parameter indicates the name of a custom header. The length of Name cannot exceed 256 characters and can include digits, letters, percent sign (%), underscore (_), and hyphen (-).
- `object` (String) Specifies the type of matching object. The content delivery network applies matching rules to objects of the specified type in the target. This parameter supports the following values: path: matches the path in the target. directory: matches the directory in the target. filetype: matches the file extension in the target.
- `operator` (String) Indicates the matching method. This parameter has the following value: match: If any value in Value exists, it is considered a match.
- `type` (String) Specifies the target type. The value of this parameter is url, indicating the target is a URL.
- `value` (String) Represents a set of values separated by semicolons (;). The total length must not exceed 1,024 characters. Printable ASCII characters are allowed, except for the following: consecutive slashes (//), spaces, dollar sign ($), question mark (?), and Delete (ASCII code 127). If any value in the set matches the request, it is considered a match. When Object is path, this parameter specifies one or more paths. Paths must start with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the path, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is directory, this parameter specifies one or more directories. Directories must start and end with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the directory, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is filetype, this parameter specifies one or more file extensions. Extensions do not need to start with a period (.).



<a id="nestedatt--request_header--request_header_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_header.request_header_action`

Read-Only:

- `request_header_instances` (Attributes Set) Indicates a list of configuration rules for request headers. Each rule includes settings for header-related operations. You can add up to 50 rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_header--request_header_action--request_header_instances))

<a id="nestedatt--request_header--request_header_action--request_header_instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_header.request_header_action.request_header_instances`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Indicates how to set the authentication request header. Currently, you can only set this parameter to set. set means to configure the request header. You need to specify the request header in Key. If the request header does not exist, the content delivery network adds it to the authentication request. If the request header already exists, the content delivery network uses the value specified in Value as the header value.
- `key` (String) Specifies the name of a header. The name cannot exceed 1,024 characters and is case insensitive. It can contain any printable ASCII character except: underscore (_), space, double quotes ("), and Delete (ASCII code 127).
- `value` (String) Indicates the value of the Key. This parameter is only valid when Action equals "set". If Action does not equal "set", this parameter is invalid. When ValueType is constant, you must specify a fixed string as the header value. The header value cannot exceed 1,024 characters and can contain any printable ASCII character except the following: dollar sign ($), Delete (ASCII code 127)
- `value_type` (String) Specifies the value type for the Key. This parameter is only valid when Action is set to 'set'. If Action is not 'set', this parameter is invalid. The parameter has the following values: constant: the Key value is a fixed string. variable: the Key value comes from a variable. customize: the Key value is a string formed by concatenating a variable and a fixed string.




<a id="nestedatt--response_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `response_header`

Read-Only:

- `condition` (Attributes) Indicates the conditions under which this configuration module takes effect, consisting of a set of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--response_header--condition))
- `response_header_action` (Attributes) Indicates operations on the response header performed by the Content Delivery Network when responding to user requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--response_header--response_header_action))

<a id="nestedatt--response_header--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `response_header.condition`

Read-Only:

- `condition_rule` (Attributes Set) Indicates a rule set. When a user request is received, the content delivery network matches the rules in the set to the request in order. If a rule matches the request, the content delivery network stops matching the remaining rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--response_header--condition--condition_rule))
- `connective` (String) Represents the logical relationship between multiple ConditionRule entries. This parameter has the following values: AND: indicates the logical relationship is 'AND'. OR: indicates the logical relationship is 'OR'. The default value is OR.

<a id="nestedatt--response_header--condition--condition_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `response_header.condition.condition_rule`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) When Object is query_name or customize, this parameter is valid. If Object is query_name, this parameter indicates the name of a query parameter. If Object is customize, this parameter indicates the name of a custom header. The length of Name cannot exceed 256 characters and can include digits, letters, percent sign (%), underscore (_), and hyphen (-).
- `object` (String) Specifies the type of matching object. The content delivery network applies matching rules to objects of the specified type in the target. This parameter supports the following values: path: matches the path in the target. directory: matches the directory in the target. filetype: matches the file extension in the target.
- `operator` (String) Indicates the matching method. This parameter has the following value: match: If any value in Value exists, it is considered a match.
- `type` (String) Specifies the target type. The value of this parameter is url, indicating the target is a URL.
- `value` (String) Represents a set of values separated by semicolons (;). The total length must not exceed 1,024 characters. Printable ASCII characters are allowed, except for the following: consecutive slashes (//), spaces, dollar sign ($), question mark (?), and Delete (ASCII code 127). If any value in the set matches the request, it is considered a match. When Object is path, this parameter specifies one or more paths. Paths must start with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the path, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is directory, this parameter specifies one or more directories. Directories must start and end with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the directory, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is filetype, this parameter specifies one or more file extensions. Extensions do not need to start with a period (.).



<a id="nestedatt--response_header--response_header_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `response_header.response_header_action`

Read-Only:

- `response_header_instances` (Attributes Set) Specifies a list of configuration rules for response headers Each rule includes settings for header-related operations You can add up to 50 rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--response_header--response_header_action--response_header_instances))

<a id="nestedatt--response_header--response_header_action--response_header_instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `response_header.response_header_action.response_header_instances`

Read-Only:

- `access_origin_control` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Origin field in the request header is validated when the content delivery network responds to user requests. Valid values are: true: The content delivery network validates the Origin field. If validation succeeds, the response header includes the Access-Control-Allow-Origin field, with the value matching the Origin field. If validation fails, the response header does not include the Access-Control-Allow-Origin field. false: The content delivery network does not validate the Origin field. The response header includes the Access-Control-Allow-Origin field, with the value set to your configured Access-Control-Allow-Origin content. The default value is false. This parameter is only effective when all the following conditions are met: Action is set. Key is Access-Control-Allow-Origin. ValueType is constant.
- `action` (String) Specifies the operation on the response header. This parameter has the following values: set: sets a header. The set operation includes adding and modifying. If the header already exists in the origin response, its value will be overwritten. If the header does not exist in the origin response, it will be added. delete: deletes a header
- `key` (String) Specifies the name of a header. The name cannot exceed 1,024 characters, is case-insensitive, and can include any printable ASCII character except the following: underscore (_), space, double quotes ("), and Delete (ASCII code 127)
- `value` (String) Indicates the value of the Key. This parameter is valid only when Action is set. If Action is not set, this parameter is invalid. When ValueType is constant, you must specify a fixed string as the header value. The header value cannot exceed 1,024 characters and can include printable ASCII characters except for the following: dollar sign ($), Delete (ASCII code 127).
- `value_type` (String) Specifies the value type for Key. This parameter is only valid when Action is set. If Action is not set, this parameter is invalid. The parameter supports the following values: constant: Key is a fixed string. variable: Key is sourced from a variable. customize: Key is a string formed by concatenating a variable and a fixed string.




<a id="nestedatt--rewrite_hls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rewrite_hls`

Read-Only:

- `sign_name` (String) Indicates the name of the signature parameter, which cannot exceed 100 characters. Parameter names are case-sensitive and can include letters, numbers, underscores (_), hyphens (-), commas (,), periods (.), and exclamation marks (!). The default value is DrmAuthToken.
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether this feature is enabled. This parameter has the following options: true: Enable this feature. false: Disable this feature. The default value for this parameter is false.


<a id="nestedatt--signed_url_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signed_url_auth`

Read-Only:

- `signed_url_auth_rules` (Attributes Set) Represents the configuration module for the 'URL authentication' feature. This feature is disabled by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signed_url_auth--signed_url_auth_rules))
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable this feature. This parameter has the following values: true: Enables this feature. false: Disables this feature.

<a id="nestedatt--signed_url_auth--signed_url_auth_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signed_url_auth.signed_url_auth_rules`

Read-Only:

- `condition` (Attributes) Represents the conditions under which this configuration module takes effect, consisting of a set of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signed_url_auth--signed_url_auth_rules--condition))
- `signed_url_auth_action` (Attributes) Indicates the configuration for signature calculation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signed_url_auth--signed_url_auth_rules--signed_url_auth_action))

<a id="nestedatt--signed_url_auth--signed_url_auth_rules--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signed_url_auth.signed_url_auth_rules.condition`

Read-Only:

- `condition_rule` (Attributes Set) Indicates a rule set. When a user request is received, the content delivery network matches the rules in the set to the request in order. If a rule matches the request, the content delivery network stops matching the remaining rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signed_url_auth--signed_url_auth_rules--condition--condition_rule))
- `connective` (String) Represents the logical relationship between multiple ConditionRule entries. This parameter has the following values: AND: indicates the logical relationship is 'AND'. OR: indicates the logical relationship is 'OR'. The default value is OR.

<a id="nestedatt--signed_url_auth--signed_url_auth_rules--condition--condition_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signed_url_auth.signed_url_auth_rules.condition.condition_rule`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) When Object is query_name or customize, this parameter is valid. If Object is query_name, this parameter indicates the name of a query parameter. If Object is customize, this parameter indicates the name of a custom header. The length of Name cannot exceed 256 characters and can include digits, letters, percent sign (%), underscore (_), and hyphen (-).
- `object` (String) Specifies the type of matching object. The content delivery network applies matching rules to objects of the specified type in the target. This parameter supports the following values: path: matches the path in the target. directory: matches the directory in the target. filetype: matches the file extension in the target.
- `operator` (String) Indicates the matching method. This parameter has the following value: match: If any value in Value exists, it is considered a match.
- `type` (String) Specifies the target type. The value of this parameter is url, indicating the target is a URL.
- `value` (String) Represents a set of values separated by semicolons (;). The total length must not exceed 1,024 characters. Printable ASCII characters are allowed, except for the following: consecutive slashes (//), spaces, dollar sign ($), question mark (?), and Delete (ASCII code 127). If any value in the set matches the request, it is considered a match. When Object is path, this parameter specifies one or more paths. Paths must start with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the path, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is directory, this parameter specifies one or more directories. Directories must start and end with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the directory, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is filetype, this parameter specifies one or more file extensions. Extensions do not need to start with a period (.).



<a id="nestedatt--signed_url_auth--signed_url_auth_rules--signed_url_auth_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signed_url_auth.signed_url_auth_rules.signed_url_auth_action`

Read-Only:

- `auth_algorithm` (String) Indicates the algorithm used for signature calculation. This configuration has the following values: md5: MD5 algorithm. sha256: SHA-256 algorithm. The default value for this parameter is md5.
- `backup_secret_key` (String) Indicates the backup secret key. The backup secret key must be 6–40 characters long and can contain any printable ASCII character except Delete (ASCII code 127).
- `custom_variable_rules` (Attributes) Indicates custom signature calculation variables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signed_url_auth--signed_url_auth_rules--signed_url_auth_action--custom_variable_rules))
- `duration` (Number) The validity period of the signature, in seconds. This parameter is used with the timestamp included in the request to calculate the expiration time of the signature. The value range for this parameter is 0–315,360,000. Signature expiration time = timestamp + Duration. When the content delivery network receives a request, if the signature expiration time is less than the current time, the content delivery network determines that the signature has expired.
- `keep_origin_arg` (Boolean) This parameter is not currently available to external users. Do not use this parameter.
- `master_secret_key` (String) Indicates the primary key, with a length of 6–40 characters. It can include printable ASCII characters except Delete (ASCII code 127)
- `rewrite_m3_u_8` (Boolean) Indicates whether the content delivery network adds signature parameters to the URL of each segment file in a .m3u8 file when responding to a .m3u8 file request. The signature for each segment URL is calculated based on the rewritten segment URL using the signature rules. The parameter values are as follows: true: enabled. false: disabled.
- `rewrite_m3_u_8_rule` (Attributes) Specifies the configuration for the 'M3U8 Rewrite' feature. This configuration is valid only when both of the following conditions are met: RewriteM3u8 is true; URLAuthType is not typee. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signed_url_auth--signed_url_auth_rules--signed_url_auth_action--rewrite_m3_u_8_rule))
- `sign_name` (String) Indicates the name of the signature parameter. The length cannot exceed 100 characters. Parameter names are case-sensitive and can include letters, numbers, underscores (_), hyphens (-), commas (,), periods (.), and exclamation marks (!).
- `signature_rule` (Set of String) When URLAuthType is set to typee, this parameter is required and specifies the fields to be included in the signature calculation. The following fields must be included in the signature calculation: key: the secret key, which is the parameter value for MasterSecretKey or BackupSecretKey. uri: the URI of the resource requested by the user. If the URI contains Chinese characters, you need to encode the URI. TimeName: the parameter value for the timestamp. The following fields can optionally be included in the signature calculation: domain: the acceleration domain name. referer: the referer value carried in the user's request. ua: the User-Agent value carried in the user's request. ip: the client IP of the user's request. origin: the Origin value carried in the user's request. Custom variables: the variable names you define in CustomVariableInstances. The order in which the fields are listed determines the order of values in MD5() during signature calculation.
- `time_format` (String) Numeral system configuration. This parameter has the following values: decimal: decimal system; hexadecimal: hexadecimal system. When URLAuthType is typed or typee, this parameter is required. When URLAuthType is typec, regardless of your setting, this parameter is forcibly set to hexadecimal. For other URLAuthType values, this parameter is not effective.
- `time_name` (String) Indicates the name of the timestamp parameter. The value of TimeName can include English letters, numbers, underscores (_), hyphens (-), periods (.), commas (,), and exclamation marks (!), with a length of 1–100 characters. TimeName cannot be the same as SignName. When URLAuthType is typed or typee, this parameter is required. For other types, this parameter does not apply.
- `url_auth_type` (String) Signature type

<a id="nestedatt--signed_url_auth--signed_url_auth_rules--signed_url_auth_action--custom_variable_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signed_url_auth.signed_url_auth_rules.signed_url_auth_action.custom_variable_rules`

Read-Only:

- `custom_variable_instances` (Attributes Set) Indicates a variable list (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signed_url_auth--signed_url_auth_rules--signed_url_auth_action--custom_variable_rules--custom_variable_instances))

<a id="nestedatt--signed_url_auth--signed_url_auth_rules--signed_url_auth_action--custom_variable_rules--custom_variable_instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signed_url_auth.signed_url_auth_rules.signed_url_auth_action.custom_variable_rules.custom_variable_instances`

Read-Only:

- `operator` (String) Indicates the matching method for the variable. The value of this parameter can only be match.
- `type` (String) Indicates the variable type. This parameter has the following values: queryString: indicates the variable is a query parameter in the request. requestHeader: indicates the variable is a header field in the request.
- `value` (String) Specifies the variable name, with a maximum length of 100 characters. Variable name requirements are as follows: If Type is queryString, the variable name can include letters, numbers, hyphens (-), commas (,), periods (.), and exclamation marks (!). If Type is requestHeader, the variable name can include any printable ASCII character except: underscore (_), space, double quotes ("), colon (:), and Delete (ASCII code 127).



<a id="nestedatt--signed_url_auth--signed_url_auth_rules--signed_url_auth_action--rewrite_m3_u_8_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signed_url_auth.signed_url_auth_rules.signed_url_auth_action.rewrite_m3_u_8_rule`

Read-Only:

- `delete_param` (Boolean) Indicates whether to retain the original parameters in the URL when rewriting the shard URL. This parameter has the following values: true: removes the original parameters. false: retains the original parameters.
- `keep_m3_u_8_param` (Boolean) Indicates whether to add unsigned query parameters from the M3U8 file request to the segment URL. The parameter has the following options: true: add query parameters to the segment URL. false: do not add query parameters.





<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key
- `value` (String) Tag value.


<a id="nestedatt--timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeout`

Read-Only:

- `switch` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable origin timeout configuration. This parameter has the following values: true: enables origin timeout configuration. false: disables origin timeout configuration. In this case, the system default timeout values are used for TCP and HTTP requests, which are 2 seconds and 60 seconds respectively.
- `timeout_rules` (Attributes Set) Represents a set of timeout configurations. Currently, you can specify only one configuration. This parameter is required when Switch is true. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeout--timeout_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--timeout--timeout_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeout.timeout_rules`

Read-Only:

- `condition` (Attributes) Represents the conditions under which this configuration module takes effect, consisting of a set of rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeout--timeout_rules--condition))
- `timeout_action` (Attributes) Indicates the timeout configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeout--timeout_rules--timeout_action))

<a id="nestedatt--timeout--timeout_rules--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeout.timeout_rules.condition`

Read-Only:

- `condition_rule` (Attributes Set) Indicates a rule set. When a user request is received, the content delivery network matches the rules in the set to the request in order. If a rule matches the request, the content delivery network stops matching the remaining rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeout--timeout_rules--condition--condition_rule))
- `connective` (String) Represents the logical relationship between multiple ConditionRule entries. This parameter has the following values: AND: indicates the logical relationship is 'AND'. OR: indicates the logical relationship is 'OR'. The default value is OR.

<a id="nestedatt--timeout--timeout_rules--condition--condition_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeout.timeout_rules.condition.condition_rule`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) When Object is query_name or customize, this parameter is valid. If Object is query_name, this parameter indicates the name of a query parameter. If Object is customize, this parameter indicates the name of a custom header. The length of Name cannot exceed 256 characters and can include digits, letters, percent sign (%), underscore (_), and hyphen (-).
- `object` (String) Specifies the type of matching object. The content delivery network applies matching rules to objects of the specified type in the target. This parameter supports the following values: path: matches the path in the target. directory: matches the directory in the target. filetype: matches the file extension in the target.
- `operator` (String) Indicates the matching method. This parameter has the following value: match: If any value in Value exists, it is considered a match.
- `type` (String) Specifies the target type. The value of this parameter is url, indicating the target is a URL.
- `value` (String) Represents a set of values separated by semicolons (;). The total length must not exceed 1,024 characters. Printable ASCII characters are allowed, except for the following: consecutive slashes (//), spaces, dollar sign ($), question mark (?), and Delete (ASCII code 127). If any value in the set matches the request, it is considered a match. When Object is path, this parameter specifies one or more paths. Paths must start with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the path, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is directory, this parameter specifies one or more directories. Directories must start and end with a slash (/). You can use one or more asterisks (*) in the directory, where each asterisk represents one or more characters. When Object is filetype, this parameter specifies one or more file extensions. Extensions do not need to start with a period (.).



<a id="nestedatt--timeout--timeout_rules--timeout_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeout.timeout_rules.timeout_action`

Read-Only:

- `http_timeout` (Number) Indicates the timeout period for HTTP requests. The value range for this parameter is 5–60.
- `tcp_timeout` (Number) Indicates the timeout for TCP requests. The valid range for this parameter is 2–60.




<a id="nestedatt--ua_access_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ua_access_rule`

Read-Only:

- `allow_empty` (Boolean) Indicates whether requests with an empty UA ("") or without a UA field are allowed to access the acceleration domain. The parameter has the following values: true: allowed. false: not allowed. The default value is false.
- `ignore_case` (Boolean) Indicates whether the UA string is case-sensitive. The parameter has the following options: true: The UA string is case-insensitive. false: The UA string is case-sensitive. The default value for this parameter is false.
- `rule_type` (String) Specifies whether a denylist or allowlist is used. When Switch is true, this parameter is required. The parameter values are as follows: deny: specifies a denylist. allow: specifies an allowlist.
- `switch` (Boolean) Indicates whether the UA allowlist and blocklist feature is enabled. This parameter has the following values: true: enabled. false: disabled.
- `user_agent` (Set of String) Represents a list of UAs. When Switch is true, this parameter is required. The list can contain up to 1,000 UAs. The parameter details are as follows: The value length cannot exceed 30,000 characters. If RuleType is allow, only requests containing UAs in the list are permitted to access the acceleration domain. If RuleType is deny, requests containing UAs in the list are not permitted to access the acceleration domain. UA character restrictions are as follows: You can use * in a UA to represent one or more characters. * can only appear at the beginning or end of the UA. A UA cannot consist only of * or spaces. A UA can contain printable ASCII characters except Delete (ASCII code 127). If a UA contains symbols, the symbols must be HTML encoded.


<a id="nestedatt--url_normalize"></a>
### Nested Schema for `url_normalize`

Read-Only:

- `normalize_object` (Set of String) This specifies the list of URL normalization options you need to enable. When Switch is true, this parameter is required. The list can include the following options: dot_segments: replaces the following in the request URL: /./: replaced with a single slash (/). /../: if there is a directory level before /../, removes /../ and that directory. If there is no directory before /../, the original URL is retained. back_slashes: replaces backslashes (\) in the request URL with a single slash (/). successive_slashes: replaces consecutive slashes (//) in the request URL with a single slash (/).
- `switch` (Boolean) This specifies the list of URL normalization options you need to enable. When Switch is true, this parameter is required. The list can include the following options: dot_segments: replaces the following in the request URL: /./: replaced with a single slash (/). /../: if there is a directory level before /../, removes /../ and that directory. If there is no directory before /../, the original URL is retained. back_slashes: replaces backslashes (\) in the request URL with a single slash (/). successive_slashes: replaces consecutive slashes (//) in the request URL with a single slash (/).


<a id="nestedatt--video_drag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `video_drag`

Read-Only:

- `switch` (Boolean) Smart compression configuration switch. The parameter has the following options: true: enable video seeking. false: disable video seeking.
