---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_cdn_share_config Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CDN"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::CDN::ShareConfig
---

# volcenginecc_cdn_share_config (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::CDN::ShareConfig



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `allow_ip_access_rule` (Attributes) Specifies the configuration for an IP allowlist, where ConfigType is allow_ip_access_rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allow_ip_access_rule))
- `allow_referer_access_rule` (Attributes) Indicates a configuration for a Referer allowlist. The corresponding ConfigType is allow_referer_access_rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allow_referer_access_rule))
- `common_match_list` (Attributes) Specifies the configuration for a common list, where ConfigType is common_match_list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--common_match_list))
- `config_name` (String) Specifies the name of the global configuration. Naming requirements: Names can include Chinese characters, letters, numbers, and underscores (_), and must be 3–45 characters long. One Chinese character counts as 3 characters. The name cannot be the same as any existing global configuration name under the primary account.
- `config_type` (String) This parameter specifies the type of global configuration. Available values are: deny_ip_access_rule: indicates an IP denylist. allow_ip_access_rule: indicates an IP allowlist. deny_referer_access_rule: indicates a Referer denylist. allow_referer_access_rule: indicates a Referer allowlist. common_match_list: indicates a common list.
- `deny_ip_access_rule` (Attributes) Specifies the configuration for an IP denylist, where ConfigType is deny_ip_access_rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deny_ip_access_rule))
- `deny_referer_access_rule` (Attributes) Indicates a configuration for a Referer denylist. The corresponding ConfigType is deny_referer_access_rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deny_referer_access_rule))
- `domain_count` (Number) Indicates the number of accelerated domains associated with this global configuration.
- `project` (String) Specifies the project name to which the global configuration belongs.
- `rule_content` (String) Specifies the HTML code for the custom error page.
- `updated_time` (Number) Indicates the last modification time of this global configuration, in Unix timestamp.

<a id="nestedatt--allow_ip_access_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allow_ip_access_rule`

Read-Only:

- `rules` (Set of String) Specifies a list of entries. Each entry in the list is an IP address or CIDR block. IP addresses and blocks can be in IPv4 or IPv6 format. List limits: For AddSharedConfig, the number of entries in the list cannot exceed 30,000.


<a id="nestedatt--allow_referer_access_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allow_referer_access_rule`

Read-Only:

- `allow_empty` (Boolean) Indicates whether requests with an empty Referer header or without a Referer header are not allowed. This parameter has the following values: true: Not allowed. If the Referer header is empty or missing, the content delivery network rejects the request. false: Allowed. The default value is false.
- `common_type` (Attributes) Specifies the contents of the common list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allow_referer_access_rule--common_type))

<a id="nestedatt--allow_referer_access_rule--common_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allow_referer_access_rule.common_type`

Read-Only:

- `ignore_case` (Boolean) Indicates whether entries in Rules are case-sensitive. This parameter has the following values: true: Not case-sensitive. false: Case-sensitive. The default value is true.
- `rules` (Set of String) Indicates an entry list, where each entry is a string. List quotas are as follows: The list can contain up to 4,000 entries. The total length of all entries cannot exceed 200,000 characters. When the CDN creates this global configuration, duplicate entries in the list are removed. Duplicate entries do not count toward the quota.



<a id="nestedatt--common_match_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `common_match_list`

Read-Only:

- `common_type` (Attributes) Specifies the contents of the common list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--common_match_list--common_type))

<a id="nestedatt--common_match_list--common_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `common_match_list.common_type`

Read-Only:

- `ignore_case` (Boolean) Indicates whether entries in Rules are case-sensitive. This parameter has the following values: true: Not case-sensitive. false: Case-sensitive. The default value is true.
- `rules` (Set of String) Indicates an entry list, where each entry is a string. List quotas are as follows: The list can contain up to 4,000 entries. The total length of all entries cannot exceed 200,000 characters. When the CDN creates this global configuration, duplicate entries in the list are removed. Duplicate entries do not count toward the quota.



<a id="nestedatt--deny_ip_access_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deny_ip_access_rule`

Read-Only:

- `rules` (Set of String) Specifies the configuration for an IP denylist, where ConfigType is deny_ip_access_rule.


<a id="nestedatt--deny_referer_access_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deny_referer_access_rule`

Read-Only:

- `allow_empty` (Boolean) Indicates whether requests with an empty Referer header or without a Referer header are allowed. This parameter has the following values: true: Allowed. false: Not allowed. If the Referer header is empty or missing, the content delivery network rejects the request. The default value is true.
- `common_type` (Attributes) Specifies the contents of the common list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deny_referer_access_rule--common_type))

<a id="nestedatt--deny_referer_access_rule--common_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deny_referer_access_rule.common_type`

Read-Only:

- `ignore_case` (Boolean) Indicates whether entries in Rules are case-sensitive. This parameter has the following values: true: Not case-sensitive. false: Case-sensitive. The default value is true.
- `rules` (Set of String) Indicates an entry list, where each entry is a string. List quotas are as follows: The list can contain up to 4,000 entries. The total length of all entries cannot exceed 200,000 characters. When the CDN creates this global configuration, duplicate entries in the list are removed. Duplicate entries do not count toward the quota.
