---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_cen_cen Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CEN"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::CEN::CEN
---

# volcenginecc_cen_cen (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::CEN::CEN



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Account ID to which the CEN instance belongs
- `cen_bandwidth_package_ids` (Set of String) Bandwidth package ID
- `cen_id` (String) CEN instance ID
- `cen_name` (String) Name of the CEN instance. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length limit: 1–128 characters. If not specified, defaults to the CEN instance ID
- `creation_time` (String) Time when the CEN instance was created
- `description` (String) Description for the CEN instance. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length limit: 0–255 characters. If not specified, defaults to empty
- `instances` (Attributes Set) List of associated network instances (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instances))
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the CEN instance belongs. If not specified, defaults to 'default'
- `status` (String) Status of the CEN instance. Creating: Creating Deleting: Deleting Pending: Configuring Available: Available
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `update_time` (String) Time when the CEN instance was updated

<a id="nestedatt--instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances`

Read-Only:

- `cen_id` (String) CEN instance ID
- `creation_time` (String) Creation time of the network instance
- `instance_id` (String) Network instance ID
- `instance_owner_id` (String) Account ID for the network instance
- `instance_region_id` (String) Region where the network instance is located
- `instance_type` (String) Type of the network instance
- `status` (String) Loading status of the network instance. Attaching: Loading; Available: Available


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key for user labels. Length limit: 1–128 characters. Case sensitive. Cannot start or end with a space. Allowed characters: letters, numbers, spaces, underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), minus signs (-), and @. Duplicate tag keys are not allowed for the same resource
- `value` (String) Tag value for user labels. Length limit: 0–256 characters. Case sensitive. Cannot start or end with a space. Allowed characters: letters, numbers, spaces, underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), minus signs (-), and @
