---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_cen_bandwidth_package Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CEN"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::CEN::BandwidthPackage
---

# volcenginecc_cen_bandwidth_package (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::CEN::BandwidthPackage



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `bandwidth` (Number) Bandwidth peak of the bandwidth package. Value range: 2–10000 Mbps. Default: 2 Mbps.
- `billing_status` (Number) Billing status of the bandwidth package instance. 0: Creating 1: Running 3: Unsubscribed 4: Expired and stopped 5: Expired and recycled 8: Unsubscribed and stopped
- `billing_type` (Number) Billing method of the bandwidth package. Valid values: 1 (default): yearly/monthly subscription. 4: pay-as-you-go—95th percentile billing.
- `business_status` (String) Frozen status of the bandwidth package. Normal: normal. FinancialLocked: frozen.
- `cen_bandwidth_package_id` (String) Bandwidth package ID.
- `cen_bandwidth_package_name` (String) Name of the bandwidth package. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. If not specified, defaults to the bandwidth package ID.
- `cen_ids` (Set of String) List of associated CEN instance IDs.
- `creation_time` (String) Creation time of the bandwidth package.
- `deleted_time` (String) Deletion time of the bandwidth package.
- `description` (String) Description of the bandwidth package. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length limit: 0–255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string.
- `expired_time` (String) Expiration time of the bandwidth package.
- `line_operator` (String) Carrier for cross-border bandwidth package lines. If LocalGeographicRegionSetId and PeerGeographicRegionSetId are the same, this parameter is not supported. If LocalGeographicRegionSetId and PeerGeographicRegionSetId are different, available values are: ChinaUnicom (default): China Unicom.
- `local_geographic_region_set_id` (String) Local geographic region ID for Cloud Enterprise Network communication. Available values: China: Chinese mainland. Asia: Asia-Pacific.
- `peer_geographic_region_set_id` (String) Peer geographic region ID for Cloud Enterprise Network interconnection. Valid values: China: Chinese mainland. Asia: Asia-Pacific.
- `period` (Number) Purchase duration of the bandwidth package. Default is 1. Valid values: If PeriodUnit is Month, range is 1–9, 12, 24, and 36. If PeriodUnit is Year, range is 1–3.
- `period_unit` (String) Billing cycle of the bandwidth package. Valid values: Month (default): month. Year: year.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the bandwidth package belongs. If not specified, defaults to 'default'.
- `reclaim_time` (String) Recycle time after the bandwidth package instance expires.
- `remain_renew_times` (Number) Number of automatic renewals. Values include -1 and 1–100. Default is -1, which means unlimited automatic renewals.
- `remaining_bandwidth` (Number) Remaining bandwidth, measured in Mbps.
- `renew_period` (Number) Duration of each automatic renewal, in months. Valid values: 1–3, 6, and 12. Default is 1.
- `renew_type` (String) Renewal type of the bandwidth package instance. Manual: Manual renewal. Auto: Automatic renewal. NoRenew: No renewal.
- `status` (String) Status of the bandwidth package. Creating: Being created. Deleting: Being deleted. Pending: In progress. Available: Unbound. InUse: Bound.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `update_time` (String) Update time of the bandwidth package.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key for user tags. Parameter   - N: indicates the tag key index, value range: 1–20. Use & to separate multiple tag keys. Cannot start with sys:, in any case. Length range: 1–128 characters. Supports all languages, numbers, spaces ( ), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals (=), plus (+), hyphens (-), and @ (@). If a tag key starts or ends with a space, the system automatically removes it.
- `value` (String) Tag value for user tags. Parameter   - N indicates the tag value index, range: 1–20. Use & to separate multiple tag values. Length range: 0–256 characters. If not specified, defaults to empty. Supports all languages, numbers, spaces ( ), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and @ (@). Case-sensitive. If the tag value starts or ends with a space, the system automatically removes it.
