---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_clb_rule Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CLB"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::CLB::Rule
---

# volcenginecc_clb_rule (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::CLB::Rule



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `action_type` (String) Forwarding rule action. Options: Forward: Forward to. Redirect: Redirect to.
- `description` (String) Description of the forwarding rule. Default value is an empty string. Specifications: Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), Chinese period (。). Length must be between 0 and 255 characters.
- `domain` (String) Domain name of the forwarding rule.
- `listener_id` (String) Listener ID.
- `redirect_config` (Attributes) Redirection-related configuration information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--redirect_config))
- `rule_id` (String) Forwarding rule ID.
- `server_group_id` (String) ID of the backend server group associated with the forwarding rule.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `url` (String) URL of the forwarding rule.

<a id="nestedatt--redirect_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redirect_config`

Read-Only:

- `host` (String) The domain name for forwarding rule redirection currently supports only exact domain names. Specifications: Must contain at least one '.', and cannot start or end with '.'. Only letters, numbers, '.', and '-' are allowed. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. Example of a valid exact domain name: www.test.com.
- `path` (String) Path for forwarding rule redirection. Specifications: Must start with a forward slash '/'. Consecutive '/' characters are not allowed. Only letters, numbers, '-', '_', '/', '.', '%', '?', '#', '&', '=', and other specified characters are allowed. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters.
- `port` (String) Port for forwarding rule redirection. Value range: 1~65535.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol for forwarding rule redirection. Options: HTTP. HTTPS (default).
- `status_code` (String) Status code for forwarding rule redirection. Options: 301 (default): Indicates the requested resource has been permanently moved to a new URL. The client should use the new URL for subsequent requests. 302: Indicates the requested resource has been temporarily moved to a new URL and may change again in the future. The client should use the new URL for subsequent requests. 307: Similar to 302, but requires the client to keep the request method unchanged during redirection. For example, if the original request is GET, the redirected request remains GET. 308: Similar to 301, but requires the client to keep the request method unchanged during redirection.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key.
- `value` (String) Tag value.
