---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_clb_clb Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CLB"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::CLB::CLB
---

# volcenginecc_clb_clb (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::CLB::CLB



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `access_log` (Attributes) Access log information in the load balancer instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_log))
- `account_id` (String) Account ID to which the load balancer instance belongs
- `address_ip_version` (String) IP address type of the CLB instance. Values: ipv4 (default): Indicates the CLB is IPv4 type and only supports forwarding IPv4 requests. DualStack: Indicates the CLB is dual-stack type and supports forwarding both IPv4 and IPv6 requests. DualStack can only be specified when Type is set to private
- `allowed_ports` (Set of String) Allowed port ranges
- `auto_renewal` (Boolean) Whether to enable auto-renewal. true: Yes, default auto-renewal is 1 month. false (default): No
- `business_status` (String) Whether the load balancer instance is locked
- `bypass_security_group_enabled` (String) Whether to enable bypass security group feature
- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the load balancer instance
- `deleted_time` (String) Expected recycling time of the load balancer instance
- `description` (String) Description of the load balancer instance
- `eip` (Attributes) Public IP information of the load balancer instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--eip))
- `eip_address` (String) Public IP address
- `eip_id` (String) Public IP ID
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable status of the load balancer instance
- `eni` (Attributes) Private IPv4 address information of the load balancer instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--eni))
- `eni_address_num` (Number) Number of private IPv4 addresses for the load balancer instance. This parameter cannot be used together with EniAddress. If this parameter is provided, EniAddress is not required
- `eni_ipv_6_address` (String) Private IPv6 address of the load balancer instance
- `enis` (Attributes) List of private IPv4 addresses for the load balancer instance, specified by EniAddressNum during creation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--enis))
- `exclusive_cluster_id` (String) Dedicated cluster ID
- `expired_time` (String) Expiration time of the load balancer instance
- `ipv_6_address_bandwidth` (Attributes) IPv6 public bandwidth information for the load balancing instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv_6_address_bandwidth))
- `listeners` (Attributes Set) Listener information in the load balancer instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--listeners))
- `load_balancer_billing_type` (Number) CLB instance billing method. Available values: 1: Annual/monthly subscription. 2 (default): Pay-as-you-go (by specification). 3: Pay-as-you-go (by usage)
- `load_balancer_id` (String) Load balancer instance ID
- `load_balancer_name` (String) Name of the load balancer instance
- `load_balancer_spec` (String) CLB instance specification. Different specifications provide different forwarding capabilities. small_1: Small I. small_2: Small II. medium_1: Medium I. medium_2: Medium II. large_1: Large I. large_2: Large II
- `lock_reason` (String) Reason why the load balancer instance is frozen
- `master_zone_id` (String) Main availability zone ID of the load balancer instance
- `modification_protection_reason` (String) Reason for setting modification protection status. This parameter is valid only when ModificationProtectionStatus is set to ConsoleProtection. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character, and can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: half-width period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length must be 1–80 characters
- `modification_protection_status` (String) Whether CLB instance enables modification protection in the console. When enabled, modification or deletion via the console is prohibited. Available values: NonProtection: Disabled. ConsoleProtection: Enabled
- `new_arch` (Boolean) Whether it is a new architecture
- `order_id` (String) Order ID. This parameter is only available when LoadBalancerBillingType is set to 1 during creation
- `overdue_time` (String) Freeze time of the load balancer instance
- `period` (Number) Duration for purchasing a CLB instance by year or by month. Default is '1'. When PeriodUnit is set to Month, valid values are 1–9, 12, 24, and 36. When PeriodUnit is set to Year, valid values are 1–3
- `period_unit` (String) Duration unit for purchasing subscription CLB instances. This parameter is valid only when LoadBalancerBillingType is set to 1. Values: Month (default): month. Year: year
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project associated with the CLB instance
- `server_groups` (Attributes Set) Backend server group information in the load balancer instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server_groups))
- `service_managed` (Boolean) Whether the CLB instance is a managed resource
- `slave_zone_id` (String) Secondary availability zone ID of the load balancer instance
- `status` (String) Load balancer instance status: Inactive: stopped. Active: running. Creating: creating. Provisioning: creating. Configuring: configuring. Deleting: deleting. CreateFailed: creation failed.
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet ID within the VPC of the load balancer instance
- `tags` (Attributes Set) CLB instance tags (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `timestamp_remove_enabled` (String) Enable TCP timestamp removal
- `type` (String) CLB instance type. Values: public: Public type. When you create a public CLB instance, the system assigns a public IP address for forwarding public requests. private: Private type. When you create a private CLB instance, the system does not assign a public IP address; you must bind a public IP manually before it can forward public requests
- `update_time` (String) Most recent operation time of the load balancer instance
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID of the load balancer instance
- `zone_type` (String) Availability zone type of the load balancer instance

<a id="nestedatt--access_log"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_log`

Read-Only:

- `bucket_name` (String) Name of the object storage bucket for storing Layer 7 access logs
- `delivery_type` (String) Log delivery type. Available values: tos (default): Deliver logs to object storage service TOS. tls: Deliver logs to log service TLS
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable access log (Layer 7) delivery to object storage TOS
- `tls_project_id` (String) Log project
- `tls_topic_id` (String) Log topic


<a id="nestedatt--eip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `eip`

Read-Only:

- `bandwidth` (Number) Peak bandwidth
- `bandwidth_package_id` (String) Shared bandwidth package ID
- `eip_billing_type` (Number) Billing method
- `isp` (String) Line type
- `security_protection_instance_id` (Number) Protection package ID
- `security_protection_types` (Set of String) Security protection type


<a id="nestedatt--eni"></a>
### Nested Schema for `eni`

Read-Only:

- `eni_address` (String) Private IP address of the load balancer instance
- `eni_id` (String) Network interface ID occupied by the load balancer instance


<a id="nestedatt--enis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enis`

Read-Only:

- `eni_address` (String) Private IP address of the load balancer instance
- `eni_id` (String) Network interface ID occupied by the load balancer instance


<a id="nestedatt--ipv_6_address_bandwidth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv_6_address_bandwidth`

Read-Only:

- `bandwidth` (Number) Peak bandwidth of IPv6 public bandwidth, in Mbps
- `bandwidth_package_id` (String) Shared bandwidth package ID associated with IPv6 public bandwidth
- `billing_type` (Number) Billing type for IPv6 public bandwidth
- `isp` (String) Line type of IPv6 public bandwidth
- `network_type` (String) Network type of the load balancer instance's IPv6 address


<a id="nestedatt--listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listeners`

Read-Only:

- `listener_id` (String) Listener ID
- `listener_name` (String) Listener name


<a id="nestedatt--server_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server_groups`

Read-Only:

- `server_group_id` (String) ID of the backend server group in the load balancer instance
- `server_group_name` (String) Name of the backend server group in the load balancer instance


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key
- `value` (String) Tag value
