---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_clb_nlb_security_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CLB"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::CLB::NLBSecurityPolicy
---

# volcenginecc_clb_nlb_security_policy (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::CLB::NLBSecurityPolicy



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Account ID associated with the TLS security policy
- `ciphers` (Set of String) Cipher suites for the TLS custom security policy. Supported cipher suites for different TLS protocol versions are as follows: TLSv1.0 & TLSv1.1: ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-SHA, ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-SHA, ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA, ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA, AES128-SHA, AES256-SHA, DES-CBC3-SHA. TLSv1.2: ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256, ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384, ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-SHA256, ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-SHA384, ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256, ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384, ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA256, ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA384, AES128-GCM-SHA256, AES256-GCM-SHA384, AES128-SHA256, AES256-SHA256. TLSv1.3: TLS_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256, TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384, TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256, TLS_AES_128_CCM_8_SHA256, TLS_AES_128_CCM_SHA256, TLS_SM4_GCM_SM3, TLS_SM4_CCM_SM3. When specifying this parameter, you must provide all supported cipher suites. Adding or removing cipher suites individually is not supported via this interface. If only Ciphers.N is provided and TlsVersions.N is not, validation is based on the TLS protocol versions supported by the current listener and the cipher suites specified in the request. If both TlsVersions.N and Ciphers.N are provided, validation is based on the TLS protocol versions and cipher suites specified in the request. TLS_SM4_GCM_SM3 and TLS_SM4_CCM_SM3 are currently in pilot testing. To request access, please contact your account manager
- `created_time` (String) Creation time
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the TLS custom security policy belongs. If not specified, defaults to default
- `related_listener_ids` (Set of String) Listener associated with the TLS security policy
- `security_policy_id` (String) Security policy ID
- `security_policy_name` (String) Security policy name. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character, and can include the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. If this parameter is not specified, defaults to the policy ID
- `status` (String) TLS custom security policy status. Creating: Being created. Configuring: Being configured. Active: Active. Deleting: Being deleted.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `tls_versions` (Set of String) Update the TLS protocol versions for the TLS custom security policy. Valid values: TLSv1.0, TLSv1.1, TLSv1.2, TLSv1.3. When specifying this parameter, you must provide all supported TLS versions. Adding or removing TLS protocol versions individually is not supported via this interface. If only TlsVersions.N is provided and Ciphers.N is not, validation is based on the TLS protocol versions in the request and the cipher suites supported by the current listener. If both TlsVersions.N and Ciphers.N are provided, validation is based on the TLS protocol versions and cipher suites specified in the request
- `updated_time` (String) Update time

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) User tag key
- `value` (String) User tag value
