---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_clb_nlb Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CLB"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::CLB::NLB
---

# volcenginecc_clb_nlb (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::CLB::NLB



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `access_log` (Attributes) Access log information of the NLB instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_log))
- `account_id` (String) Account ID to which the NLB instance belongs.
- `billing_status` (String) Billing status of the NLB instance. Normal: normal, FinancialLocked: locked.
- `billing_type` (Number) Billing type of the NLB instance. 3: pay-as-you-go
- `created_time` (String) Creation time of the NLB instance.
- `cross_zone_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the NLB instance has cross-availability zone forwarding enabled. true (default): enabled. false: disabled.
- `description` (String) Description of the NLB instance. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character and can include the following special characters: English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length limit: 0–255 characters. If this parameter is not provided, the default is an empty string.
- `dns_name` (String) DNS address of the NLB instance.
- `expected_overdue_time` (String) Time when the NLB instance is suspended due to overdue payment.
- `ip_address_version` (String) IP address type of the NLB instance. ipv4: IPv4 version. dualstack: dual stack, supports both IPv4 and IPv6 versions.
- `ipv_4_bandwidth_package_id` (String) Shared bandwidth package ID for IPv4 type.
- `ipv_4_network_type` (String) IPv4 network type of the NLB instance. internet: public network type. intranet: private network type.
- `ipv_6_bandwidth_package_id` (String) Shared bandwidth package ID for IPv6 type.
- `ipv_6_network_type` (String) IPv6 network type of the NLB instance. internet: public network type. intranet: private network type.
- `load_balancer_id` (String) NLB instance ID.
- `load_balancer_name` (String) Name of the NLB instance.
- `managed_security_group_id` (String) Managed security group ID automatically associated with the NLB instance by the system.
- `modification_protection_status` (String) Whether modification protection is enabled for the NLB instance in the console. NonProtection or empty: disabled, allows modification or deletion of the instance via the console. ConsoleProtection: enabled, prevents modification or deletion of the instance via the console.
- `overdue_time` (String) Time when the NLB instance is locked. If the BillingStatus parameter is Normal, this parameter returns an empty string.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the NLB instance belongs.
- `reclaimed_time` (String) Expected reclamation time of the NLB instance. If the BillingStatus parameter is Normal, this parameter returns an empty string.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) List of security group IDs associated with the NLB instance.
- `status` (String) Status of the NLB instance. Inactive: stopped. Active: running. Creating: creating. Provisioning: creating (this status only appears when creating an NLB instance via API). Configuring: configuring. Deleting: deleting. CreateFailed: creation failed.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information of the NLB instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `updated_time` (String) Update time of the NLB instance.
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID to which the NLB instance belongs.
- `zone_mappings` (Attributes List) Availability zone information for the NLB instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zone_mappings))

<a id="nestedatt--access_log"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_log`

Read-Only:

- `access_log_enabled` (Boolean) Enable access logs. true: yes. false: no.
- `project_id` (String) Log project ID.
- `topic_id` (String) Log topic ID.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key.
- `value` (String) Tag value.


<a id="nestedatt--zone_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zone_mappings`

Read-Only:

- `eni_id` (String) Network interface card ID.
- `ipv_4_address` (String) Private IPv4 VIP address of the NLB instance. If this parameter is not provided, the system automatically assigns an available IPv4 address from the subnet.
- `ipv_4_eip_address` (String) Public IPv4 EIP address of the NLB instance.
- `ipv_4_eip_id` (String) Public IPv4 EIP ID of the NLB instance.
- `ipv_4_hc_status` (String) Health status of the NLB instance's private IPv4 address. Healthy: healthy. Unhealthy: abnormal.
- `ipv_4_local_addresses` (Set of String) Private IPv4 LIP address of the NLB instance.
- `ipv_6_address` (String) Private IPv6 VIP address of the NLB instance.
- `ipv_6_eip_id` (String) ID of the IPv6 public bandwidth associated with the NLB instance.
- `ipv_6_hc_status` (String) Health status of the NLB instance's private IPv6 address. Healthy: healthy. Unhealthy: abnormal.
- `ipv_6_local_addresses` (Set of String) Private IPv6 LIP address of the NLB instance.
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet ID to which the NLB instance belongs.
- `zone_id` (String) Availability zone ID to which the NLB instance belongs.
