---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_clb_certificate Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CLB"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::CLB::Certificate
---

# volcenginecc_clb_certificate (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::CLB::Certificate



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `certificate_id` (String) Certificate ID.
- `certificate_name` (String) Certificate name. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length limit: 1–128 characters.
- `created_time` (String) Certificate creation time.
- `description` (String) Certificate description. Default value is an empty string. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length limit: 0–255 characters.
- `domain_name` (String) Certificate primary domain name.
- `expired_at` (String) Certificate expiration time.
- `listeners` (Set of String) ID of the listener associated with the certificate.
- `private_key` (String) Certificate private key.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project the certificate belongs to. If not specified, defaults to 'default'.
- `public_key` (String) Certificate public key.
- `service_managed` (Boolean) Managed resource status. true: managed resource. false: unmanaged resource.
- `subject_alternative_names` (Set of String) List of alternate domain names for the certificate.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) User tag key.
- `value` (String) User tag value.
