---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_clb_acl Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CLB"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::CLB::ACL
---

# volcenginecc_clb_acl (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::CLB::ACL



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `acl_entries` (Attributes Set) Detailed information about IP entries in the access control policy group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--acl_entries))
- `acl_entry_count` (Number) Number of IP entries contained in the access control policy group.
- `acl_id` (String) Access control policy group ID
- `acl_name` (String) Name of the access control policy group. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. If not specified, defaults to the access control policy group ID.
- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the access control policy group
- `description` (String) Description of the access control policy group. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length limit: 0–255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string.
- `listeners` (Attributes Set) Detailed information about listeners associated with the access control policy group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--listeners))
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the access control policy group belongs. If not specified, defaults to 'default'.
- `service_managed` (Boolean) Is this a managed resource. true: yes. false: no.
- `status` (String) Status of the access control policy group. Creating: creating. Active: available. Configuring: configuring. Deleting: deleting.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Detailed information about access control policy group tags (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `update_time` (String) Last operation time of the access control policy group

<a id="nestedatt--acl_entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acl_entries`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the IP entry. Default value is an empty string. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length must be between 0 and 255 characters.
- `entry` (String) Address range of the IP entry. Only CIDR addresses are supported. Both IPv4 and IPv6 entries can be provided.


<a id="nestedatt--listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listeners`

Read-Only:

- `acl_type` (String) Listener control mode for this access control policy group. white: allowlist. When the listener monitors CLB traffic, CLB only forwards requests from IP addresses associated with the allowlist access control policy group. black: denylist. When the listener monitors CLB traffic, CLB rejects requests from IP addresses associated with the denylist access control policy group.
- `listener_id` (String) Listener ID
- `listener_name` (String) Listener name
- `port` (Number) Listener port
- `protocol` (String) Listener protocol. Includes TCP, UDP, HTTP, HTTPS.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) User tag key. Length must be 1–128 characters. Supports input of characters in any language, numbers, spaces ( ), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and @ (@). If the tag key starts or ends with a space, the system automatically removes it.
- `value` (String) User tag value. Supports input of characters in any language, numbers, spaces ( ), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and @ (@). Case sensitive. If the tag value starts or ends with a space, the system automatically removes it.
