---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_clb_server_group Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CLB"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::CLB::ServerGroup
---

# volcenginecc_clb_server_group (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::CLB::ServerGroup



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `address_ip_version` (String) IP address type of the backend server group. ipv4: The backend server group is of IPv4 type. ipv6: The backend server group is of IPv6 type.
- `any_port_enabled` (String) Whether to enable all-port forwarding. on: enable all-port forwarding. off: disable all-port forwarding.
- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the backend server group.
- `description` (String) Description of the backend server group. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character, and can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length limit: 0–255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string.
- `listeners` (Attributes Set) Listener information associated with the backend server group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--listeners))
- `load_balancer_id` (String) CLB instance ID to which the backend server group belongs.
- `server_group_id` (String) Backend server group ID.
- `server_group_name` (String) Name of the backend server group. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character, and can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Limit: 1–128 characters. If not specified, defaults to the backend server group ID.
- `servers` (Attributes Set) Information about servers in the backend server group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--servers))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `type` (String) Type of the backend server group. instance: This backend server group can only add the primary or auxiliary network card of a cloud server as backend servers. ip: This backend server group can only add IP addresses as backend servers.
- `update_time` (String) Last operation time of the backend server group.

<a id="nestedatt--listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listeners`

Read-Only:

- `listener_id` (String) Listener ID.


<a id="nestedatt--servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servers`

Read-Only:

- `any_port_enabled` (String) Enable all-port forwarding. on: enabled. off (default): disabled.
- `description` (String) Backend server description. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), Chinese period (。). Length limit: 0–255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string.
- `instance_id` (String) Backend server. Value options: When Type is ecs, provide the cloud server instance ID. When Type is eni, provide the ID of the auxiliary network card attached to the cloud server. When Type is ip, provide the IP address as the backend server.
- `ip` (String) Private IP address of the backend server. Use '&' to separate multiple backend server IP addresses.
- `port` (Number) Port number on which the backend server receives requests. Value range: 1–65535. If the AnyPortEnabled parameter is 'off' and you need to add backend servers at the same time, this parameter must be provided. If AnyPortEnabled is 'on', this parameter defaults to 0.
- `server_id` (String) Backend server ID.
- `type` (String) Backend server instance type. When the Type parameter is instance, value options are: ecs: cloud server instance. eni: auxiliary network card. When the Type parameter is ip, this parameter value is ip.
- `weight` (Number) Backend server weight, range: 0–100. If not specified, defaults to 0. 0 means requests will not be forwarded to this backend server.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Information about bound tag keys.
- `value` (String) Bound tag value information.
