---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_cr_repository Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CR"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::CR::Repository
---

# volcenginecc_cr_repository (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::CR::Repository



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `access_level` (String) Access level. Values include: Private: Private OCI artifact repository, accessible only to authorized users. Public: Public OCI artifact repository, accessible to all users. You can specify one or more access levels in a single entry.
- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the OCI artifact repository. RFC3339 format, UTC+0 time.
- `description` (String) Image repository description, with a length of 0–300 UTF-8 characters.
- `name` (String) OCI artifact repository name. The name must be unique within the same namespace. Supports lowercase English letters, numbers, and delimiters (delimiters can be a single '.' or '/', one or more '-', or one or two '_'. Delimiters cannot appear at the beginning or end of the name, nor can they appear consecutively). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters.
- `namespace` (String) Target namespace name. Obtain the namespace name from the Namespace page of the target instance in the Image Repository Console.
- `registry` (String) Specify the name of the image repository instance to which the namespace belongs. Obtain the instance name from the Instance List page in the Image Repository Console.
- `update_time` (String) Last updated time for the OCI artifact repository. RFC3339 format, UTC+0 time.
