---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_directconnect_virtual_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "DirectConnect"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::DirectConnect::VirtualInterface
---

# volcenginecc_directconnect_virtual_interface (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::DirectConnect::VirtualInterface



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) ID of the account to which the dedicated line gateway belongs.
- `bandwidth` (Number) Bandwidth limit of the virtual interface, in Mbps.
- `bfd_detect_interval` (Number) BFD detection interval (ms).
- `bfd_detect_multiplier` (Number) BFD detection count.
- `creation_time` (String) Time when the virtual interface was created.
- `description` (String) Description of the virtual interface.
- `direct_connect_connection_id` (String) ID of the physical dedicated line associated with the virtual interface.
- `direct_connect_gateway_id` (String) ID of the dedicated gateway associated with the virtual interface.
- `enable_bfd` (Boolean) Enable BFD detection. true: enabled false: disabled.
- `enable_bfd_echo` (Boolean) Enable BFD detection echo packet mode. true: enabled false: disabled.
- `enable_nqa` (Boolean) Is NQA detection enabled? true: enabled false: not enabled.
- `local_ip` (String) Local gateway interconnection IP address of the virtual interface.
- `local_ipv_6_ip` (String) IPv6 address of the local gateway interconnection IP for the virtual interface.
- `nqa_detect_interval` (Number) Interval for sending consecutive probe packets in NQA detection.
- `nqa_detect_multiplier` (Number) NQA detection count. If the number of consecutive NQA detection failures reaches the set count, the link is considered faulty.
- `peer_ip` (String) Peer gateway interconnection IP address of the virtual interface.
- `peer_ipv_6_ip` (String) IPv6 address of the peer gateway interconnection IP for the virtual interface.
- `route_type` (String) Route type of the virtual interface.
- `status` (String) Status of the virtual interface. Creating: creating Deleting: deleting Pending: configuring Available: available.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) All tag information added to the virtual interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `update_time` (String) Time when the virtual interface was updated.
- `virtual_interface_id` (String) ID of the virtual interface.
- `virtual_interface_name` (String) Name of the virtual interface.
- `vlan_id` (Number) VLAN ID of the virtual interface.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key (Key) of the virtual interface tag. Parameter   - N   - indicates the sequence number of the tag key (Key), with a range of 1, 2, 3, …, 49, 50. N must be in continuous ascending order. Multiple tag keys (Key) are separated by &. Cannot start with sys: in any case. sys: is reserved for system tags and cannot be created. Length range: 1–128 characters. Supports input in any language, numbers, spaces (), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equal signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and at signs (@).
- `value` (String) Tag value (Value) of the virtual interface tag. Parameter   - N   - indicates the sequence number of the tag value (Value), with a range of 1, 2, 3, …, 49, 50. N must be in continuous ascending order. Multiple tag values (Value) are separated by &. Length range: 0–256 characters. If not specified, the default is empty. Supports input in any language, numbers, spaces (), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equal signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and at signs (@). Case sensitive. Cannot start or end with a space. Note: If Tags.N.Value is provided, Tags.N.Key must also be provided.
