---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_directconnect_direct_connect_gateway Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "DirectConnect"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::DirectConnect::DirectConnectGateway
---

# volcenginecc_directconnect_direct_connect_gateway (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::DirectConnect::DirectConnectGateway



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) ID of the account to which the Direct Connect Gateway belongs.
- `associate_cens` (Attributes Set) Associated CEN information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associate_cens))
- `associate_eic` (Attributes) Associated EIC information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associate_eic))
- `bgp_asn` (Number) ASN (Autonomous System Number) of the Direct Connect Gateway. Valid ASN range: 137718, 64512–65534, 4200000000–4294967294, where 137718 is the ASN for Volcengine. If the Direct Connect Gateway is used in standard scenarios (such as a local IDC connecting to a single cloud VPC resource via dedicated connection), use the Volcengine ASN (137718). If used in special scenarios (such as a single IDC connecting to multiple Cloud Enterprise Networks via dedicated connection), each Direct Connect Gateway must use a custom ASN and avoid using the Volcengine ASN (137718), ensuring that ASNs are not duplicated across Direct Connect Gateways.
- `business_status` (String) Indicates whether the dedicated gateway is locked. Normal: normal. FinancialLocked: locked.
- `created_time` (String) Time when the Direct Connect Gateway was created.
- `deleted_time` (String) Expected forced resource reclamation time. This parameter returns a value only if the resource is frozen due to overdue payment; otherwise, it returns null.
- `description` (String) Description for the dedicated gateway. Must start with a Chinese character, letter, or number, and can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, period (.), space ( ), underscore (_), hyphen (-), equals sign (=), English comma (,), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length is limited to 0 to 255 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is entered, the default is an empty string.
- `direct_connect_gateway_id` (String) ID of the Direct Connect Gateway.
- `direct_connect_gateway_name` (String) Name of the Direct Connect Gateway. Must start with a Chinese character, letter, or number, and can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, periods (.), underscores (_), and hyphens (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is specified, the default is the Direct Connect Gateway ID.
- `enable_ipv_6` (Boolean) Whether IPv6 is supported. true: supported. false: not supported.
- `lock_reason` (String) Reason for Direct Connect Gateway lock. unlock: not locked; financial: locked due to overdue payment; security: locked due to security reasons.
- `overdue_time` (String) Resource freeze time. This parameter returns a value only if the resource is frozen due to overdue payment; otherwise, it returns null.
- `project_name` (String) Project to which the Direct Connect Gateway belongs.
- `status` (String) Status of the Direct Connect Gateway. Creating: creating. Deleting: deleting. Pending: configuring. Available: available.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) All tag information added to the Direct Connect Gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `updated_time` (String) Time when the Direct Connect Gateway was updated.

<a id="nestedatt--associate_cens"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associate_cens`

Read-Only:

- `cen_id` (String) ID of CEN.
- `cen_owner_id` (String) User ID of CEN.
- `cen_status` (String) Status of the instance in CEN. Attaching: attaching. Attached: attached.


<a id="nestedatt--associate_eic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associate_eic`

Read-Only:

- `eic_id` (String) ID of EIC.
- `eic_owner_id` (String) User ID of EIC.
- `eic_status` (String) Status of the instance in EIC.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) User label tag key. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters.
- `value` (String) User label tag value. Length must be between 0 and 256 characters.
