---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_directconnect_gateway_route Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "DirectConnect"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::DirectConnect::DirectConnectGatewayRoute
---

# volcenginecc_directconnect_gateway_route (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::DirectConnect::DirectConnectGatewayRoute



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Account ID to which the dedicated gateway route belongs.
- `creation_time` (String) Time when the dedicated gateway route was created.
- `destination_cidr_block` (String) Destination network segment of the dedicated gateway route.
- `direct_connect_gateway_id` (String) Dedicated gateway ID.
- `direct_connect_gateway_route_id` (String) Dedicated gateway route ID.
- `next_hop_id` (String) Next hop instance ID for the dedicated gateway route.
- `next_hop_type` (String) Type of the next hop instance for the dedicated gateway route. Valid values: VIF: Virtual Interface CEN: Cloud Enterprise Network TransitRouter: Transit Router.
- `route_type` (String) Type of the dedicated gateway route. Valid values: BGP: BGP dynamic route Static: Static route CEN: Cloud Enterprise Network route, that is, after the dedicated gateway joins the Cloud Enterprise Network, routes synchronized from the Cloud Enterprise Network.
- `status` (String) Status of the dedicated gateway route. Creating: Creating Deleting: Deleting Pending: Configuring Available: Available.
