---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_dns_record Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::DNS::Record
---

# volcenginecc_dns_record (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::DNS::Record



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Creation time of the DNS record.
- `enable` (Boolean) Whether the DNS record is enabled; if disabled, the record is inactive.
- `fqdn` (String) Host name included in the DNS record, using FQDN (Fully Qualified Domain Name) format; this field is deprecated.
- `host` (String) Host record, the prefix of the subdomain; `@` represents the root domain itself.
- `line` (String) Line code corresponding to the DNS record, such as `default`.
- `operators` (Set of String) List of account IDs that recently operated on this DNS record.
- `pqdn` (String) Host name included in the DNS record, using PQDN (Partially Qualified Domain Name) format.
- `record_id` (String) Unique ID of the DNS record.
- `record_set_id` (String) ID of the record set containing the DNS record; returned only for A, AAAA, and CNAME types.
- `remark` (String) Remarks for the DNS record, supports UTF-8 encoding and up to 16 characters.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tag information for the DNS record; if it contains `GTMLock`, the record is associated with a GTM instance.
- `ttl` (Number) Expiration time of the DNS record, in seconds.
- `type` (String) Record type, such as `A`, `AAAA`, `CNAME`, `NS`, `MX`, `SRV`, `TXT`.
- `updated_at` (String) Last updated time of the DNS record.
- `value` (String) Record value of the DNS record.
- `weight` (Number) Weight of the DNS record, effective only when load balancing is enabled for the record set.
- `zid` (String) Domain name ID, can be obtained via interfaces such as `ListZones`.
