---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_ecs_keypair Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "ECS"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::ECS::Keypair
---

# volcenginecc_ecs_keypair (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::ECS::Keypair



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (String) Creation time of the key pair.
- `description` (String) Description of the key pair. The default value is an empty string. Must start with a letter or Chinese character. Can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, period ('.'), space, underscore ('_'), hyphen ('-'), equals sign ('='), English comma (','), Chinese comma ('，'), and Chinese period ('。'). Length must not exceed 255 characters.
- `finger_print` (String) Fingerprint of the key pair. The public key fingerprint format is defined by RFC4716 and uses the MD5 hash algorithm.
- `instance_ids` (Set of String) Instance ID for the operation.
- `key_pair_id` (String) Unique ID of the key pair.
- `key_pair_name` (String) Key pair name. Must not duplicate existing names. Length must be between 2 and 64 characters. Periods ('.') can be used to separate the name into segments. Each segment can contain uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, or hyphens ('-'). The name cannot start or end with '-' or '.', and cannot contain consecutive '-' or '.'.
- `project_name` (String) Project to which the resource belongs. Each resource can belong to only one project. Can only contain letters, numbers, underscore ('_'), period ('.'), and hyphen ('-'). Length must not exceed 64 characters.
- `public_key` (String) Public key information of the key pair.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags of the key pair. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `updated_time` (String) Update time of the key pair.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key.
- `value` (String) Tag value.
