---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_fwcenter_address_book Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "FWCenter"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::FWCenter::AddressBook
---

# volcenginecc_fwcenter_address_book (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::FWCenter::AddressBook



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `address_detail_list` (Attributes Set) Address list with detailed address information. Effective when `AutoUpdateType` is `Manual`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--address_detail_list))
- `address_list` (Set of String) Address list in the address book. The specific content depends on the address book type. Effective when `AutoUpdateType` is `Manual` and `AddressDetailList` is not empty. If GroupType is ip, enter an IPv4 address or CIDRv4; if ipv6, enter an IPv6 address or CIDRv6; if port, enter port information (a single port such as 22 or a port range such as 100/200); if domain, enter domain information.
- `auto_update_type` (String) Address book auto-update type. Default is `Manual`. `Manual`: manual update; `Tag`: tag address book. Assets with new matching tags are automatically added to the current address book. This feature is currently only supported for the internet boundary.
- `cloud_firewall_id` (String) The unique identifier of the cloud firewall instance, used to specify which cloud firewall instance the address book belongs to.
- `description` (String) Detailed description of the address book, used to explain its purpose or other relevant information.
- `group_name` (String) Name of the address book. Supports Chinese characters, uppercase and lowercase English letters, `-`, and `_`, with a maximum length of 64 characters.
- `group_type` (String) The type of the address book, used to specify the type of addresses stored in the address book. `ip`: IPv4 address; `ipv6`: IPv6 address; `port`: port information; `domain`: domain name information.
- `group_uuid` (String) Unique identifier for the address book, generated by the system after the address book is created. Used to uniquely identify the address book within the system.
- `instance_type_list` (Set of String) Asset type list, used to specify the types of assets included in the address book. Takes effect when `AutoUpdateType` is set to `Tag`. Supported values: `EcsInstance` (cloud server), `NetworkInterface` (network interface), `HaVip` (high-availability virtual IP), `Nat` (NAT gateway), `ClbInstance` (load balancer), `AlbInstance` (application load balancer), `VpnGateway` (VPN gateway).
- `ref_cnt` (Number) Reference count for the address book, indicating how many times it has been referenced.
- `resource_type` (String) Tag type, used to specify the resource type in the address book. Effective when `AutoUpdateType` is `Tag`. `Eip`: public IP; `InternetAsset`: public asset.
- `tag_relation` (String) Logical relationship between tags, used to specify how multiple tags are combined. Effective when `AutoUpdateType` is `Tag`. `And`: all tags must be satisfied; `Or`: any tag can be satisfied.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list for the address book, used for categorization or marking. Effective when `AutoUpdateType` is `Tag`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `updated` (Number) Last update timestamp for the address book, represented in Unix timestamp format.

<a id="nestedatt--address_detail_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `address_detail_list`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Detailed information about the address in the address book. The specific content depends on the address book type. If GroupType is ip, enter an IPv4 address or CIDRv4; if ipv6, enter an IPv6 address or CIDRv6; if port, enter port information (a single port such as 22 or a port range such as 100/200); if domain, enter domain information.
- `description` (String) Detailed description of a single address in the address book, used to explain the specific purpose or other relevant information for that address.
- `type` (String) Address type, returned during queries. `ip`: IPv4 address; `ipv6`: IPv6 address; `domain`: domain name; `port`: port.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key.
- `value` (String) Tag value.
