---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_gtm_pool Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "GTM"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::GTM::Pool
---

# volcenginecc_gtm_pool (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::GTM::Pool



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `addr_type` (String) Target address type of the address pool. If you do not set this parameter, Cloud Scheduling GTM will automatically determine the target address type. ipv4: IPv4 address. ipv6: IPv6 address. cname: Domain name
- `addresses` (Attributes Set) List of target addresses in the address pool (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--addresses))
- `capacity` (Number) Address pool capacity
- `capacity_mode` (String) Capacity mode, indicates whether to configure address pool capacity or address capacity
- `create_time` (String) Creation time
- `deletable` (Boolean) Whether the address pool can be deleted. true: The address pool is not referenced by any routing rule and can be deleted. false: The address pool is referenced by one or more routing rules and cannot be deleted
- `gtm_id` (String) UUID of the associated GTM instance
- `name` (String) Address pool name. UTF-8 format. Maximum length is 64 UTF-8 characters
- `pool_id` (String) Address pool ID
- `remark` (String) Address pool remarks. Default is an empty string. UTF-8 format. Maximum length is 128 UTF-8 characters
- `update_time` (String) Update time

<a id="nestedatt--addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `addresses`

Read-Only:

- `capacity` (Number) Address capacity
- `geo` (String) Geographic location of the address, returned only in queries
- `mode` (String) Address availability mode
- `rectified_geos` (List of String) List of geographic route codes to be corrected
- `value` (String) Target address value
- `weight` (Number) Address weight
