---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_hbase_instance Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "HBase"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::HBase::Instance
---

# volcenginecc_hbase_instance (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::HBase::Instance



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `auto_renew` (Boolean) Whether auto-renewal is enabled for subscription scenarios. Values: true: auto-renewal enabled. false: auto-renewal not enabled.
- `charge_status` (String) Billing status. Values: Normal: normal. Overdue: overdue. Shutdown: shutdown.
- `charge_type` (String) Billing type. Values: PostPaid: pay-as-you-go (postpaid). PrePaid: subscription (prepaid, yearly/monthly).
- `cold_storage` (Number) Total capacity-type storage space for the instance, in GiB.
- `create_time` (String) Instance creation time (UTC).
- `deletion_protection` (String) Instance deletion protection switch status. Value range: enabled: enabled. disabled: not enabled. For more information about instance deletion protection, see Instance Deletion Protection.
- `enable_auth` (Boolean) Whether login authentication is enabled. Values: true: login authentication enabled. false: login authentication disabled.
- `enable_cloud_storage` (Boolean) Whether capacity-type storage is enabled. Values: true: capacity-type storage enabled. false: capacity-type storage not enabled. For details about capacity-type storage, see Hot and Cold Data Separation. The hot and cold data separation feature is supported only when MultiAZ (deployment mode) is set to false (single availability zone deployment).
- `endpoints` (Attributes Set) Connection address information list (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))
- `engine_version` (String) HBase database engine version. Currently, only HBase 2.0 is supported. The default value is HBase_2.0
- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID
- `instance_name` (String) Instance name
- `instance_type` (String) Instance type. Currently, only Standard is supported. The default value is Standard
- `master_count` (Number) Number of Master nodes. For single-zone deployment, 2 Master nodes are included by default
- `master_spec` (String) Master node specification code. For information about supported specifications for Master nodes, see Instance Specifications. The number of Master nodes is fixed and cannot be changed.
- `multi_az` (Boolean) Instance deployment mode. Values: true: multi-availability zone deployment. false: single availability zone deployment. Currently, only single availability zone deployment is supported.
- `primary_subnet_id` (String) Real-time primary availability zone subnet ID.
- `primary_zone_id` (String) Real-time primary zone ID
- `project_name` (String) Project name of the instance
- `purchase_months` (Number) Purchase duration, in months. The value range is: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 12, 24, 36. When ChargeType is PrePaid, this parameter is required
- `region_id` (String) Region ID of the instance.
- `rs_count` (Number) Number of RegionServer nodes
- `rs_spec` (String) RegionServer node specification code.
- `standby_subnet_id` (String) Real-time standby availability zone subnet ID.
- `standby_zone_id` (String) Real-time standby zone ID
- `status` (String) Current status of the instance. For more details about instance status, see Instance Status Description
- `storage_capacity` (Number) Total storage capacity of the instance, unit: GiB.
- `storage_type` (String) Instance storage type. Values: HdfsHdd: HDD file storage. HdfsSsd: SSD file storage.
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet ID of the instance. For single-zone instances, only one subnet ID for the zone is included
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Array of tag keys and tag values to bind. Supports passing multiple sets of tag key-value objects at once, separated by commas (,). Up to 20 tag key-value pairs can be passed at a time, and up to 50 tags can be bound to a single instance. Tag keys and values must comply with the setting rules. For details, see Tag Setting Rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `used_cold_storage` (Number) Capacity-type storage space used by the instance, in MiB
- `used_storage` (Number) Storage capacity used by the primary instance, in MiB
- `vpc_id` (String) Private network ID. You can call the DescribeVpcs API to query information about private networks available for HBase instance creation, including the private network ID.
- `vpc_name` (String) Name of the private network to which the instance belongs.
- `zone_id` (String) Zone ID of the instance
- `zone_name` (String) Name of the availability zone to which the instance belongs.

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `address_type` (String) Connection address type. For more information about connection addresses, see Connection Address Types. The value range is as follows: Zk: ZK address. Thrift: Thrift2 address. HBaseReUsedEipId: When public access is enabled for the ZK or Thrift2 connection address, this parameter is returned, indicating the EIP ID information shared and used by other components in the instance (such as RS nodes, Master nodes, etc.)
- `eip_id` (String) When the ZK connection address or Thrift2 connection address enables public access, this parameter is returned, indicating the EIP ID.
- `endpoint_id` (String) Connection address ID. By default, only the ZK private network connection address is returned. If you apply for a Thrift2 connection address or enable public access for the ZK or Thrift2 connection address, the corresponding connection address ID will also be returned. When the connection address type is HBaseReUsedEipId, the connection address ID is fixed as HBaseReUsedEipId
- `endpoint_str` (String) Connection string for the connection address. By default, only the ZK private network connection address is returned. If you have requested a Thrift2 connection address, or enabled public access for ZK or Thrift2 connection addresses, the corresponding connection string will also be provided. When the connection address type is HBaseReUsedEipId, the connection string is always set to HBaseReUsedEipId.
- `network_type` (String) Connection address network type. Value range: Public: public access address. Private: private access address.
- `private_dns_visibility` (Boolean) Whether public DNS resolution is enabled for the private network domain name.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key of the tags bound to the instance
- `value` (String) Tag values bound to the instance.
