---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_kafka_allow_list Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "Kafka"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::Kafka::AllowList
---

# volcenginecc_kafka_allow_list (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::Kafka::AllowList



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `allow_list` (String) Allowlist rule list. Supports specifying IP addresses or IP ranges. Separate multiple IP addresses or ranges with commas (,). Each allowlist can contain up to 300 IP addresses or ranges
- `allow_list_desc` (String) Allowlist description. Maximum length: 200 characters
- `allow_list_id` (String) Allowlist ID
- `allow_list_ip_num` (Number) Number of rules specified in the allowlist
- `allow_list_name` (String) Allowlist rule name. Length: 1–128 characters. Can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, underscores, and hyphens (-). Cannot start with a number or hyphen (-). The allowlist name must be unique within the current region
- `apply_instance_num` (Number) Number of instances already bound to this allowlist. If the AllowList parameter is specified, this field is required to indicate the expected number of instances affected after rule modification. If the expected number does not match the actual number, the request fails
- `associated_instance_num` (Number) Number of instances bound to the allowlist
- `associated_instances` (Attributes Set) Information about the instance bound to the allowlist (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associated_instances))

<a id="nestedatt--associated_instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associated_instances`

Read-Only:

- `instance_id` (String) ID of the instance bound to the allowlist
- `instance_name` (String) Name of the instance bound to the allowlist
