---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_kafka_instance Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "Kafka"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::Kafka::Instance
---

# volcenginecc_kafka_instance (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::Kafka::Instance



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Main account ID for creating the instance.
- `charge_info` (Attributes) Billing type and related billing information for the Kafka instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--charge_info))
- `compute_spec` (String) Instance compute specification.
- `connection_info` (Attributes Set) Connection information for the Kafka instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_info))
- `created_time` (String) Instance creation time. Time format: YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:MM:SS'Z'.
- `eip_id` (String) EIP ID.
- `instance_description` (String) Brief description of the Kafka instance. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters.
- `instance_id` (String) Kafka instance ID.
- `instance_name` (String) Name of the Kafka instance. Only Chinese characters, letters, numbers, underscores (_), and hyphens (-) are allowed. Cannot start with a number or hyphen (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters.
- `instance_status` (String) Status of the Kafka instance. Error: error, Deleting: deleting, Creating: deploying, Upgrading: upgrading, Updating: updating, Running: running, Scaling: scaling, Rebuilding: rebuilding, Destroying: destroying, Restarting: restarting, Migrating: migrating, Restoring: restoring, Importing: importing, NetCreating: applying for public network, NetReleasing: releasing public network, Rollingback: rolling back, CreateFailed: creation failed, UpgradeFailed: upgrade failed, ScaleFailed: scaling failed, RestartFailed: restart failed
- `ip_white_list` (Set of String) List of allowlist IDs bound to the instance. After binding an allowlist, only IP addresses and ranges configured in the allowlist can access this instance. If this parameter is not set, the new Kafka instance will bind the allowlist 'default', with IP address 0.0.0.0, allowing all addresses to access the Kafka instance.
- `need_rebalance` (Boolean) Whether to enable rebalancing.
- `parameters` (String) Initial parameter configuration for Kafka instances, formatted as JSON. Parameter list: Maximum message size (MessageMaxByte) 1–12 MB, default 10; message retention time (LogRetentionHours) 0–2160 hours, default 72; offset retention duration (OffsetRetentionMinutes) 1–10080 minutes, default 4320; message timestamp type (MessageTimestampType) LogAppendTime/CreateTime—time when the message is written to the server or when the producer creates the message.
- `partition_number` (Number) Number of partitions.
- `private_domain_on_public` (Boolean) Whether to enable public network domain resolution.
- `project_name` (String) IAM project to which the currently created Kafka instance belongs.
- `storage_space` (Number) Instance storage space, measured in GiB, must be specified as a multiple of 100.
- `storage_type` (String) Cloud disk type for Kafka instance data storage. Can be set to ESSD_FlexPL or ESSD_PL0; default is ESSD_FlexPL.
- `subnet_id` (String) VPC subnet ID where the instance is located.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Cloud resource tags. You can categorize instances by tags for easier search and resource aggregation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `topics` (Set of String) List of topics under a Kafka instance
- `usable_group_number` (Number) The remaining number of available consumer groups for the current instance.
- `usable_partition_number` (Number) Number of available partitions remaining for the current instance.
- `used_group_number` (Number) Number of consumer groups (Group) currently created in the instance.
- `used_partition_number` (Number) Number of partitions currently used by the instance.
- `used_storage_space` (Number) Used storage space of the instance, measured in GiB.
- `used_topic_number` (Number) Number of topics created in the current instance.
- `user_name` (String) SASL/PLAIN username. Requirements: 1. Consists of lowercase letters, numbers, hyphens (-), or underscores. 2. Length: 3–64 characters. 3. Username cannot be set to admin or monitor, and must be unique within the instance.
- `user_password` (String) Password for SASL/PLAIN users. Must meet the following requirements: 1. Length between 8 and 32 characters 2. Must contain any three of the following: uppercase letters, lowercase letters, numbers, special characters 3. Supported special characters: !@#$%^&*()_+-=
- `version` (String) Supported Kafka versions. Currently supported versions include 2.2.2 and 2.8.2.
- `vpc_id` (String) Private network (VPC) ID where the instance is located.
- `zone_id` (String) Availability zone ID where the instance is located. Message Queue for Kafka instances support cross-AZ deployment; separate multiple availability zone IDs with commas.

<a id="nestedatt--charge_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `charge_info`

Read-Only:

- `auto_renew` (Boolean) Whether to automatically renew the subscription instance after expiration. true   - auto renewal; false (default)   - no auto renewal, instance will be stopped upon expiration.
- `charge_expire_time` (String) Expiration time for the subscription instance.
- `charge_start_time` (String) Instance billing start time.
- `charge_status` (String) Billing status of the instance. Supported types: Normal   - normal, Overdue   - pay-as-you-go overdue, Expired   - subscription expired
- `charge_type` (String) Billing type for the instance. Supported types: PostPaid   - pay-as-you-go, PrePaid   - subscription.
- `overdue_reclaim_time` (String) Estimated release time after the instance is stopped due to overdue payment.
- `overdue_time` (String) Instance suspension time due to overdue payment.
- `period` (Number) Purchase duration for subscription-based instances.
- `period_unit` (String) The lifecycle unit for subscription-based instances, specifying purchase by month (Month/Monthly) or by year (Year/Yearly).


<a id="nestedatt--connection_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_info`

Read-Only:

- `endpoint_type` (String) Instance endpoint type. PLAINTEXT: default endpoint. SASL_PLAINTEXT: SASL endpoint (private network). SASL_SSL: SASL endpoint (public network). If public access is not enabled, this endpoint is not provided.
- `internal_endpoint` (String) Instance private network access domain name.
- `network_type` (String) Network type for the access point. Unified as PrivateNetwork.
- `public_endpoint` (String) Public access domain name for the instance.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key.
- `value` (String) Tag value.
