---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_mongodb_allow_list Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "MongoDB"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::MongoDB::AllowList
---

# volcenginecc_mongodb_allow_list (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::MongoDB::AllowList



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `allow_list` (Set of String) Enter an IP address or a CIDR-format IP address range.
- `allow_list_category` (String) Allowlist type. Valid values: Ordinary: ordinary allowlist; Default: default allowlist.
- `allow_list_desc` (String) Allowlist remarks. Maximum length: 200 characters.
- `allow_list_id` (String) Allowlist ID.
- `allow_list_ip_num` (Number) Total number of IP addresses (or address ranges) in the allowlist.
- `allow_list_name` (String) Allowlist name. The name must meet the following requirements: Cannot start with a digit or hyphen (-). Can only contain Chinese characters, letters, digits, underscores (_), and hyphens (-). Length must be 1–128 characters.
- `allow_list_type` (String) IP address type in the allowlist. Only IPv4 addresses are currently supported.
- `associated_instance_num` (Number) Total number of instances bound to the current allowlist.
- `associated_instances` (Attributes Set) Instance information bound to the current allowlist. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associated_instances))
- `project_name` (String) Project to which the current allowlist belongs.

<a id="nestedatt--associated_instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associated_instances`

Read-Only:

- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID bound to the current allowlist.
- `instance_name` (String) Instance name bound to the current allowlist.
- `project_name` (String) Project name of the instance.
- `vpc` (String) Private network ID of the instance.
