---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_mongodb_account Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "MongoDB"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::MongoDB::Account
---

# volcenginecc_mongodb_account (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::MongoDB::Account



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `account_desc` (String) Account remarks.
- `account_name` (String) Account name.
- `account_password` (String) Account password.
- `account_privileges` (Attributes Set) List of database permissions currently owned by the account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--account_privileges))
- `account_type` (String) Account type. Value options: Super: Super administrator account, that is, root account; UserAdmin: High-privilege account, that is, an account with any permissions on the admin database; Normal: Regular account, that is, an account with no permissions on the admin database.
- `auth_db` (String) Database associated with the account.
- `create_time` (String) Account creation time. Format: yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ (UTC).
- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID.
- `modify_time` (String) Last update time of the account. Format: yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ (UTC).
- `reset_db_account` (Boolean) Whether to reset the root account permissions to the initial state (that is, restore all permissions that can be granted to the super administrator account). Value options: false (default): Do not reset. true: Reset. Note: This parameter only applies to the root account in the admin database (that is, AuthDB is admin and AccountName is root).

<a id="nestedatt--account_privileges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `account_privileges`

Read-Only:

- `db_name` (String) Databases for which the account has permissions.
- `role_name` (String) Permissions the account has in the current database.
