---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_privatelink_endpoint_service Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "PrivateLink"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::PrivateLink::EndpointService
---

# volcenginecc_privatelink_endpoint_service (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::PrivateLink::EndpointService



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `auto_accept_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to automatically accept endpoint connections. true: The endpoint service automatically accepts endpoint connections. false: The endpoint service does not automatically accept endpoint connections; you must manually accept them by calling the EnableVpcEndpointConnection API.
- `billing_type` (Number) Billing type of the endpoint service. 0: No charge. 3: Pay-as-you-go.
- `business_status` (String) Whether the endpoint service is locked. Normal: normal. FinancialLocked: locked. If this parameter is empty, the endpoint service is not locked.
- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the endpoint service.
- `description` (String) Description of the endpoint service.
- `enable_verify_private_dns` (Boolean) Verify the DNS name of the specified endpoint service. Only verification of public domain names is supported. true: enabled. false: not enabled.
- `ip_address_versions` (Set of String) IP protocol type of the endpoint service. If the return value only contains ipv4, the endpoint service is IPv4 type and only supports IPv4 services. If the return value contains both ipv4 and ipv6, the endpoint service is dual-stack and supports both IPv4 and IPv6 services.
- `payer` (String) Billing account for the private network connection. Endpoint: endpoint account. EndpointService: endpoint service account.
- `permit_account_ids` (Set of String) Details of authorized allowlist accounts.
- `private_dns_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the endpoint service enables private DNS name. false: Not enabled. true: Enabled.
- `private_dns_name` (String) Private DNS name of the endpoint service. If the PrivateDNSEnabled parameter returns false, this parameter is empty.
- `private_dns_name_configuration` (Attributes) Configuration information for the private DNS name of the endpoint service. Note: If PrivateDNSType is private, this parameter is not returned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--private_dns_name_configuration))
- `private_dns_type` (String) Domain name type of the private DNS name. public: public network. Note: If the custom private domain name feature is not enabled, this parameter is not returned.
- `project_name` (String) Project name to which the endpoint service belongs.
- `resources` (Attributes Set) Resources provided by the endpoint service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources))
- `service_domain` (String) Service domain name of the endpoint service.
- `service_id` (String) Endpoint service ID.
- `service_name` (String) Name of the endpoint service.
- `service_name_managed` (String) Whether this is a managed endpoint service. false: not a managed endpoint service. true: managed endpoint service. If the account owning the endpoint service has not enabled managed endpoint service functionality, this parameter is not returned.
- `service_name_suffix` (String) Suffix for the endpoint service name. This parameter is currently in beta testing. If you need to use different name suffixes to distinguish business scenarios, please contact your account manager.
- `service_owner` (String) Current service principal.
- `service_resource_type` (String) Type of service resource. CLB: Load Balancer CLB. ALB: Application Load Balancer ALB. RDSMySQL: Cloud Database MySQL Edition.
- `service_type` (String) Type of the endpoint service. Interface: Interface endpoint service.
- `status` (String) Status of the endpoint service. Creating: being created. Pending: configuration being modified. Available: available. Deleting: being deleted.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information of the endpoint service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `update_time` (String) Most recent operation time of the endpoint service.
- `wildcard_domain_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable wildcard domain name. true: Enabled. false: Not enabled.
- `zone_ids` (Set of String) Availability zone where the endpoint service provides service. Note: If the ServiceResourceType parameter returns RDSMySQL, this parameter returns an empty value.

<a id="nestedatt--private_dns_name_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_dns_name_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Domain verification name.
- `status` (String) Domain verification status. PendingVerification: Pending verification. Verifying: In progress. Verified: Verified. Failed: Verification failed.
- `type` (String) Domain verification type. TXT: TXT record.
- `value` (String) Domain verification value.


<a id="nestedatt--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) Service resource ID to be added to the endpoint service.
- `resource_type` (String) Type of service resource.
- `zone_ids` (List of String) Availability zone where the load balancer provides service.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag keys for endpoint service tags.
- `value` (String) Tag value of the endpoint service tag.
