---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_privatezone_resolver_endpoint Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "PrivateZone"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::PrivateZone::ResolverEndpoint
---

# volcenginecc_privatezone_resolver_endpoint (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::PrivateZone::ResolverEndpoint



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (String) Creation time
- `direction` (String) DNS request forwarding direction for the endpoint. OUTBOUND (default): outbound endpoint forwards DNS queries from within the VPC to external DNS servers. INBOUND: inbound endpoint forwards DNS queries from external sources to the resolver
- `endpoint_id` (String) Endpoint ID
- `endpoint_type` (String) Endpoint type. IPv4: IPv4 endpoint. DualStack: dual-stack endpoint
- `ip_configs` (Attributes Set) Availability zone, subnet, and IP configuration for the endpoint (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_configs))
- `name` (String) Endpoint name. Supports UTF-8 format
- `project_name` (String) Project name to which the endpoint belongs. Default is default
- `security_group_id` (String) Security group ID for the endpoint IP address. The endpoint uses a default security group: For outbound endpoints, inbound traffic is denied; outbound traffic allows TCP port 53 and UDP port 53 to 0.0.0.0/0. For inbound endpoints, inbound traffic allows TCP port 53 and UDP port 53 to 0.0.0.0/0; outbound traffic is denied
- `status` (String) Endpoint status. Creating: creating. Running: running. Updating: updating. Error: abnormal operation
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `updated_time` (String) Update time
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID where the endpoint is located
- `vpc_region` (String) Region of the VPC where the endpoint is located

<a id="nestedatt--ip_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_configs`

Read-Only:

- `az_id` (String) Availability zone for the endpoint IP address. To ensure high availability, it is recommended to add at least 2 availability zones
- `ip` (String) IPv4 address of the endpoint. If you do not set this parameter, the system automatically assigns an IP address. You can add up to 6 IP addresses
- `ipv_6` (String) IPv6 address of the endpoint. If you do not set this parameter, the system automatically assigns an IP address. You can add up to 6 IP addresses
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet ID for the endpoint IP address


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) User tag key
- `value` (String) User tag value
