---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_rabbitmq_instance Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "RabbitMQ"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::RabbitMQ::Instance
---

# volcenginecc_rabbitmq_instance (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::RabbitMQ::Instance



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Main account ID used to create the instance.
- `apply_private_dns_to_public` (Boolean) Whether public DNS resolution is enabled. true: enabled, false: disabled.
- `arch_type` (String) Instance type, either cluster or standalone.
- `charge_detail` (Attributes) Instance billing method and related billing information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--charge_detail))
- `compute_spec` (String) Compute specification of the RabbitMQ instance.
- `created_time` (String) Instance creation time.
- `eip_id` (String) EIP ID.
- `endpoints` (Attributes Set) Instance connection information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))
- `instance_description` (String) Brief description of the instance.
- `instance_id` (String) RabbitMQ instance ID.
- `instance_name` (String) RabbitMQ instance name.
- `instance_status` (String) Instance status.
- `is_encrypted` (Boolean) Whether cloud disk encryption is enabled.
- `project_name` (String) IAM project to which the instance belongs.
- `storage_space` (Number) Total storage space of the instance, measured in GiB.
- `subnet_id` (String) VPC subnet ID.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags bound to the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `used_storage_space` (Number) Used storage space of the instance, measured in GiB.
- `user_name` (String) RabbitMQ WebUI administrator account name.
- `user_password` (String) RabbitMQ WebUI administrator password.
- `version` (String) Supported RabbitMQ versions. Currently supported versions include: 3.8.18: RabbitMQ version 3.8.18.
- `vpc_id` (String) Private network (VPC) ID.
- `zone_description` (String) Description of the availability zone.
- `zone_id` (String) Availability zone ID where the instance is located. For high-availability instances across AZs, multiple availability zone IDs are returned.

<a id="nestedatt--charge_detail"></a>
### Nested Schema for `charge_detail`

Read-Only:

- `auto_renew` (Boolean) Whether to automatically renew the subscription instance after expiration.
- `charge_end_time` (String) Instance billing end time. The time format is YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:MM:SS'Z'.
- `charge_expire_time` (String) Expiration time of the subscription instance. The time format is YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:MM:SS'Z'.
- `charge_start_time` (String) Instance billing start time. The time format is YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:MM:SS'Z'.
- `charge_status` (String) Instance billing status. Includes: Normal: normal, Overdue: pay-as-you-go overdue, Expired: subscription expired.
- `charge_type` (String) Instance billing type. Supported types include: PostPaid: pay-as-you-go, PrePaid: subscription.
- `overdue_reclaim_time` (String) Estimated release time after the instance is suspended due to overdue payment. Time format: YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:MM:SS'Z'.
- `overdue_time` (String) Instance suspension time due to overdue payment. Time format: YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:MM:SS'Z'.
- `period` (Number) Subscription instance purchase duration. When PeriodUnit is set to Month, the value range is 1–9. When PeriodUnit is set to Year, the value range is 1–3.
- `period_unit` (String) Unit for purchase duration. Values: MONTHLY: monthly purchase, YEARLY: annual purchase.


<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `endpoint_type` (String) Type of instance endpoint. RabbitMQ instances provide the following endpoint types: WEB: Web UI endpoint, AMQP0_9_1: AMQP endpoint, MQTT: MQTT endpoint, WEB_MQTT: WEB and MQTT endpoints, STOMP: STOMP endpoint.
- `internal_endpoint` (String) Private network access domain name of the instance.
- `internal_ip_endpoint` (String) Public service zone IP endpoint.
- `network_type` (String) Network type of the endpoint. PrivateNetwork indicates a private network (VPC).
- `public_endpoint` (String) Instance public access domain name. Displayed only after public access is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key.
- `value` (String) Tag value.
