---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_rdsmysql_database Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "RDSMySQL"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::RDSMySQL::Database
---

# volcenginecc_rdsmysql_database (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::RDSMySQL::Database



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `character_set_name` (String) Database character set. Supported character sets: utf8, utf8mb4 (default), latin1, ascii.
- `database_privileges` (Attributes Set) Database privilege authorization information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database_privileges))
- `description` (String) Database description, up to 256 characters. This field is optional. If not set, or if set with a description length of 0, the description will be empty.
- `instance_id` (String) Database instance ID.
- `name` (String) Database name. Naming rules: must be unique; length must be 2–64 characters; must start with a letter and end with a letter or number; can contain letters, numbers, underscores (_), or hyphens (-); certain reserved words, such as root and admin, cannot be used.
- `status` (String) Database status. Values: Unavailable (not available), Available (available).

<a id="nestedatt--database_privileges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database_privileges`

Read-Only:

- `account_name` (String) Database account name.
- `account_privilege` (String) Granted account privilege type. Values: ReadWrite (read and write privileges), ReadOnly (read-only privileges), DDLOnly (DDL privileges only), DMLOnly (DML privileges only), Custom (custom privileges).
- `account_privilege_detail` (String) Database privilege string. When used as a request parameter, this field is required if AccountPrivilege is set to Custom. Values: SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE, CREATE, DROP, REFERENCES, INDEX, ALTER, CREATE TEMPORARY TABLES, LOCK TABLES, EXECUTE, CREATE VIEW, SHOW VIEW, CREATE ROUTINE, ALTER ROUTINE, EVENT, TRIGGER. When returned, the detailed privileges for AccountPrivilege are displayed regardless of whether AccountPrivilege is set to Custom.
- `host` (String) The specified database account can access the database from the IP address. Default value: %. If Host is set to %, the account can access the database from any IP address. If Host is set to 192.10.10.%, the account can access the database from IP addresses between 192.10.10.0 and 192.10.10.255. The specified Host must be added to the instance's allowlist.
