---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_rdspostgresql_allow_list Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "RDSPostgreSQL"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::RDSPostgreSQL::AllowList
---

# volcenginecc_rdspostgresql_allow_list (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::RDSPostgreSQL::AllowList



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `allow_list` (Set of String) IP addresses included in the allowlist. Supports the following two formats: IP address format, for example: 10.23.12.24. CIDR IP address range format, for example: 10.23.12.0/24 (Classless Inter-Domain Routing, 24 indicates the prefix length, range is 1–32). Note: Each allowlist can add up to 300 IP addresses or IP ranges. If there are many IPs, it is recommended to merge them into IP ranges, such as 10.23.12.0/24. Do not add IP addresses ending with x.x.x.x/0 except for 0.0.0.0/0 to the allowlist. This field cannot be used together with the UserAllowList field.
- `allow_list_category` (String) Allowlist category. Values: Ordinary: ordinary allowlist; Default: default allowlist. Note: This parameter has no default value when used as a request parameter. If not provided, all categories of allowlists are queried.
- `allow_list_desc` (String) Description of the allowlist. Up to 200 characters. Default value is an empty string.
- `allow_list_id` (String) Allowlist ID.
- `allow_list_ip_num` (Number) Number of IP addresses or IP segments in the allowlist.
- `allow_list_name` (String) Allowlist naming rules: The allowlist name must be unique within the current region. It must start with a Chinese character, letter, or underscore (_). It can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, underscores (_), and hyphens (-). Length must be 1–128 characters.
- `allow_list_type` (String) Network protocol type used by the allowlist. Value: IPv4 (default).
- `associated_instance_num` (Number) Number of instances bound to this allowlist.
- `associated_instances` (Attributes Set) List of instances bound to this allowlist, including instance ID and instance name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associated_instances))
- `ip_address` (String) Query allowlist by IP address. Supports multiple IP addresses separated by commas (,). Note: If the allowlist contains any subset of the provided IP addresses, that allowlist will be returned.
- `modify_mode` (String) Allowlist modification mode. Values: Cover (default): overwrite, use the value of the AllowList field to overwrite the original allowlist. Append: add, add the IP addresses in the AllowList field to the original allowlist. Delete: remove, remove the IP addresses in the AllowList field from the original allowlist. At least one IP address must remain. Note: If the allowlist to be modified is bound to a security group, or if you need to bind a security group when modifying the allowlist, ModifyMode can only be set to Cover.
- `security_group_bind_infos` (Attributes Set) List of security groups bound to this allowlist. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_group_bind_infos))
- `update_security_group` (Boolean) Whether to update the security group bound to the allowlist. Values: true: update; false: do not update. Default value.
- `user_allow_list` (String) IP addresses outside the security group that need to be added to the allowlist. You can enter IP addresses or CIDR IP ranges. Note: This field cannot be used together with the AllowList field.

<a id="nestedatt--associated_instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associated_instances`

Read-Only:

- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID.
- `instance_name` (String) Instance name.
- `vpc` (String) VPC ID to which the instance belongs.


<a id="nestedatt--security_group_bind_infos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_group_bind_infos`

Read-Only:

- `bind_mode` (String) Mode for associating security groups. Values: IngressDirectionIp: inbound IP. AssociateEcsIp: associate ECS IP.
- `ip_list` (Set of String) IP address list in the security group.
- `security_group_id` (String) Security group ID.
- `security_group_name` (String) Security group name.
