---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_redis_endpoint_public_address Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "Redis"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::Redis::EndpointPublicAddress
---

# volcenginecc_redis_endpoint_public_address (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::Redis::EndpointPublicAddress



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `addr_type` (String) Connection address type. Valid values: Private: Private network connection address. Public: Public network connection address. DirectLink: Direct connection address. Note: Direct connection address information is returned only when a sharded Redis cluster instance has applied for a direct connection address. For more information about connection address types, see Connection Address Types.
- `address` (String) IP address or domain name
- `eip_id` (String) ID of the Elastic Public IP
- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID
- `new_address_prefix` (String) Modified connection address prefix. The connection address prefix must meet the following requirements: Consist of lowercase letters, numbers, or hyphens (-). Start with a letter and end with a letter or number. Length must be 8–53 characters. The modified connection address must be globally unique and must not duplicate any connection address in any region of Volcano Engine.
- `port` (Number) Port number
- `upgrade_region_domain` (Boolean) Whether to upgrade the domain suffix of the connection address. Valid values: true: Upgrade. false (default): Do not upgrade. Note: When upgrading the domain suffix (i.e., UpgradeRegionDomain is true), you must also provide the connection address prefix (i.e., the Address parameter cannot be empty). After upgrading the domain suffix, existing connections will be disconnected. Please promptly update your client connection information and use the new connection address to connect to the instance. For details on connecting to an instance, see Connect to Instance. Once the domain suffix of the connection address is upgraded, it cannot be downgraded to the original suffix. Please proceed with caution. The upgraded domain suffix will automatically include the region information of the instance. The old connection address will be retained for 12 hours and will be automatically released after the retention period expires. For more details, see Upgrade Domain Suffix.
- `vi_pv_6` (String) IPv6 address corresponding to the connection address. Note: This parameter is returned only if the instance uses an IPv6 address. Only private network addresses and direct connection addresses support IPv6; public network addresses do not. Therefore, when the connection address type is Public (i.e., AddrType is Public), this parameter is always empty.
- `vip` (String) IPv4 address corresponding to the connection address
