---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_rocketmq_topic Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "RocketMQ"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::RocketMQ::Topic
---

# volcenginecc_rocketmq_topic (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::RocketMQ::Topic



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `access_policies` (Attributes List) Permissions for each RocketMQ key on the current Topic, supports batch permission settings. If not set, each key retains its default permissions for the current Topic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_policies))
- `created_time` (String) Topic creation time.
- `description` (String) Topic description, length: 0–128 characters.
- `groups_infos` (Attributes Set) Consumer group information list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--groups_infos))
- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID.
- `instance_name` (String) Instance name.
- `message_type` (Number) Message type. Set this parameter to filter the Topic list by the specified message type. Value description: 0: Normal message. 1: Transaction message. 2: Partitioned ordered message. 3: Globally ordered message. 4: Delayed message.
- `queue_number` (Number) Set the number of queues for the current Topic. The maximum cannot exceed the remaining available queues for the current instance. For queue limits per instance specification, refer to the product specifications. When creating a Topic in a 4.x version instance, set the number of queues as follows: For globally ordered Topics, the default queue number is 1. For other Topic types, the queue number depends on the compute specification. For n3 and below, the default is 6; for above n3, the default is twice the number of broker groups. It is recommended to set the queue number as a multiple of the number of compute nodes to avoid data imbalance across Brokers. For example, for the rocketmq.n3.x2.medium specification with 3 compute nodes, set the queue number to a multiple of 3, such as 3, 6, or 9. When creating a Topic in a 5.x version instance, set the number of queues as follows: For globally ordered Topics, the default queue number is 1. For other Topic types, the default is twice the number of broker groups. In non-ordered scenarios, performance is not affected by the number of queues; more queues only improve concurrent performance for ordered consumption.
- `queues_infos` (Attributes Set) Queue information list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--queues_infos))
- `read_access_policies` (Attributes Set) Permissions for each RocketMQ key on the current Topic, permission field (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--read_access_policies))
- `service_status` (String) Service status. Creating: being created, Running: running, Deleting: being deleted, Abnormal: abnormal, Updating: being updated.
- `topic_name` (String) Topic name. Naming rules: Length must be 3–100 characters. Only English letters, numbers, hyphens (-), and underscores (_) are allowed. Topic names cannot contain the following reserved characters or special prefixes. Reserved characters: RMQ_SYS_TRANS_OP_HALF_TOPIC, BenchmarkTest, TBW102, OFFSET_MOVED_EVENT, SELF_TEST_TOPIC, RMQ_SYS_TRANS_HALF_TOPIC, SCHEDULE_TOPIC_XXXX, RMQ_SYS_TRACE_TOPIC. Special prefixes: rocketmq-broker-, %RETRY%, rmq_sys_, %DLQ%.

<a id="nestedatt--access_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_policies`

Read-Only:

- `access_key` (String) AccessKey of the RocketMQ key.
- `authority` (String) User access permissions for the current Topic. ALL: Publish and subscribe permissions. PUB: Publish permission. SUB: Subscribe permission. DENY: No publish or subscribe permissions.


<a id="nestedatt--groups_infos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups_infos`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) Group ID of the consumer group.
- `message_model` (String) Consumption mode. The values are as follows: Clustering: cluster consumption mode. Broadcasting: broadcast consumption mode.
- `sub_string` (String) Subscription rule. This field contains the exact string specified by the consumer group when subscribing to this Topic, usually * or TAG1 || TAG2.


<a id="nestedatt--queues_infos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `queues_infos`

Read-Only:

- `end_offset` (Number) The maximum offset of the current queue, which is the offset of the next message. The position of the latest message is EndOffset   - 1.
- `last_update_timestamp` (Number) The time of the most recent message written to this queue.
- `message_count` (Number) The number of messages in the current queue. EndOffset is the offset of the next message, so MessageCount = EndOffset   - StartOffset.
- `queue_id` (String) Queue ID.
- `start_offset` (Number) The earliest message offset in the current queue.


<a id="nestedatt--read_access_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `read_access_policies`

Read-Only:

- `access_key` (String) AccessKey of the RocketMQ key.
- `authority` (String) User access permissions for the current Topic. ALL: Publish and subscribe permissions. PUB: Publish permission. SUB: Subscribe permission. DENY: No publish or subscribe permissions.
