---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_storageebs_snapshot Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "StorageEBS"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::StorageEBS::Snapshot
---

# volcenginecc_storageebs_snapshot (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::StorageEBS::Snapshot



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) Snapshot creation time.
- `description` (String) Snapshot description. Default is empty. Length must be between 0 and 255 characters.
- `image_id` (String) Image ID
- `instant_access` (Boolean) Whether the snapshot has enabled ultra-fast availability. Value options: true: ultra-fast availability enabled. false: ultra-fast availability not enabled.
- `progress` (Number) Snapshot dump progress.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the Project to which the snapshot will be added. Note: snapshots do not inherit the project of the cloud disk, so snapshots and cloud disks can belong to different projects. If you do not set ProjectName when creating the snapshot, it will be added to the default project.
- `retention_days` (Number) Snapshot retention period, in days. Value options: empty: retain snapshot permanently. 1~65536: specify retention days. Default is empty, which means retain snapshot permanently. Snapshot retention period is calculated from the snapshot creation time.
- `shared` (Boolean) Whether the snapshot is shared.
- `snapshot_group_id` (String) Snapshot consistency group ID.
- `snapshot_id` (String) Snapshot ID.
- `snapshot_name` (String) Name of the created snapshot. Naming rules: length must be between 1 and 128 characters. Only Chinese characters, letters, numbers, underscores (_), hyphens (-), and periods (.) are allowed. To avoid conflicts with automatic snapshot names, the name cannot start with 'auto'.
- `snapshot_type` (String) Snapshot type. The available values are: user: query manual snapshots. auto: query automatic snapshots. share: query shared snapshots. By default, all snapshots are queried.
- `status` (String) Snapshot status. Value options: available: available. creating: creating. rollbacking: rolling back. deleted: deleted. failed: error.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Snapshot tag information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `volume_id` (String) Cloud disk ID associated with the snapshot.
- `volume_kind` (String) Cloud disk category. Value options: system: system disk. data: data disk.
- `volume_name` (String) Cloud disk name.
- `volume_size` (Number) Cloud disk size, in GiB.
- `volume_status` (String) Cloud disk status. Value options: available: available, attaching: attaching, attached: attached, detaching: detaching, creating: creating, deleting: deleting, error: error, extending: expanding, "": cloud disk deleted.
- `volume_type` (String) Cloud disk type. Value options: ESSD_PL0: Ultra-fast SSD cloud disk, PL0 specification. ESSD_FlexPL: Ultra-fast SSD cloud disk, FlexPL specification. TSSD_TL0: Throughput SSD cloud disk
- `zone_id` (String) Availability zone ID where the snapshot is located.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) User tag key added to the resource. Naming rules: Cannot start with volc: or sys: in any case. Keys starting with volc: or sys: are reserved system tag keys and cannot be created. Only language characters, numbers, spaces, and the following English symbols are allowed: '_', '.', ':', '/', '=', '+', '-', '@'. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters.
- `value` (String) User tag value added to the resource. Naming rules: Only language characters, numbers, spaces, and the following English symbols are allowed: '_', '.', ':', '/', '=', '+', '-', '@'. Can be empty. Length must be between 0 and 256 characters.
