---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_storageebs_volume Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "StorageEBS"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::StorageEBS::Volume
---

# volcenginecc_storageebs_volume (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::StorageEBS::Volume



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `auto_snapshot_policy_id` (String) Automatic snapshot policy ID.
- `auto_snapshot_policy_name` (String) Automatic snapshot policy name.
- `baseline_performance` (Attributes) Baseline performance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--baseline_performance))
- `created_at` (String) Disk creation time.
- `delete_with_instance` (Boolean) When releasing the instance, specify whether the disk is released along with the instance. Value description: true: The disk is released with the instance. false: The disk is not released with the instance.
- `description` (String) Disk description. Default is empty. Length must be between 1 and 255 characters.
- `device_name` (String) Device name
- `error_detail` (String) Specific error
- `expired_time` (String) Expiration time for yearly/monthly subscription.
- `extra_performance` (Attributes) Extra performance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extra_performance))
- `image_id` (String) Image ID in the disk.
- `instance_id` (String) ECS instance ID mounted when creating the cloud disk.
- `kind` (String) Disk attribute. data indicates a data disk. The default value is data. Note: Only data disks can be created.
- `overdue_reclaim_time` (String) Disk overdue reclamation time.
- `overdue_time` (String) Disk overdue shutdown time.
- `pay_type` (String) Payment type. Description: Pre: Prepaid (annual/monthly). Post: Postpaid (pay-as-you-go).
- `project_name` (String) Project name to which the disk will be added.
- `renew_type` (Number) Renewal method 1: Manual renewal 2: Automatic renewal 3: Do not renew upon expiration.
- `size` (Number) Size: data disk capacity in GiB. The capacity ranges for different types of data disks are as follows: ESSD_PL0: 10~65536 GiB; ESSD_FlexPL: 10~65536 GiB; TSSD_TL0: 40~65536 GiB
- `snapshot_count` (Number) Snapshot count.
- `source_snapshot_id` (String) Source snapshot.
- `status` (String) Disk status. Value description: available: Available. mounting: Mounting. mounted: Mounted. unmounting: Unmounting. creating: Creating. deleting: Deleting. error: Error. expanding: Expanding.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Disk tag information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `total_performance` (Attributes) Total performance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--total_performance))
- `trade_status` (Number) Transaction status 0: Creating 1: Running 2: Creation failed
- `updated_at` (String) Disk update time.
- `volume_id` (String) Disk ID.
- `volume_name` (String) Disk display name. Naming rules: The first character must be a Chinese character, a letter, or an underscore (_). Can contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, underscores (_), or hyphens (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters.
- `volume_type` (String) Disk type. Value description: ESSD_PL0: Ultra-fast SSD disk, PL0 specification. ESSD_FlexPL: Ultra-fast SSD disk, FlexPL specification. TSSD_TL0: Throughput SSD disk.
- `zone_id` (String) Availability zone ID.

<a id="nestedatt--baseline_performance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `baseline_performance`

Read-Only:

- `iops` (Number) Total IOPS of the disk, which is the sum of the baseline IOPS and extra IOPS.
- `throughput` (Number) The total throughput of the cloud disk is the sum of its baseline throughput and additional throughput.


<a id="nestedatt--extra_performance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extra_performance`

Read-Only:

- `extra_performance_type_id` (String) Type of extra performance. Value description: Balance: Balanced extra performance; IOPS: IOPS extra performance; Throughput: Throughput extra performance.
- `iops` (Number) Extra IOPS of the disk.
- `throughput` (Number) Extra throughput of the disk.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key.
- `value` (String) Tag value.


<a id="nestedatt--total_performance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `total_performance`

Read-Only:

- `iops` (Number) Total IOPS of the disk, which is the sum of the baseline IOPS and extra IOPS.
- `throughput` (Number) The total throughput of the cloud disk is the sum of its baseline throughput and additional throughput.
