---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_tls_etl Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TLS"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::TLS::Etl
---

# volcenginecc_tls_etl (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::TLS::Etl



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the data processing task
- `description` (String) Brief description of the data processing task. Does not support <>, ', \, or \\. Length: 0–64 characters
- `dsl_type` (String) Syntax type of the processing rule. Fixed as NORMAL
- `enable` (Boolean) Whether the data processing task is enabled. true: Enabled. false: Disabled
- `etl_status` (String) Task scheduling status. WAITING: Preparing. RUNNING: Running. STOPPING: Stopping. STOPPED: Stopped. RESTARTING: Restarting
- `from_time` (Number) The processing start time of the data processing task, in seconds as a Unix timestamp
- `last_enable_time` (String) The most recent activation time of the data processing task
- `modify_time` (String) Modification time of the data processing task
- `name` (String) Data processing task name
- `project_id` (String) Log project ID to which the data processing task belongs
- `project_name` (String) Log project name to which the data processing task belongs
- `script` (String) Processing rule script used by the data processing task
- `source_topic_id` (String) Source log topic ID of the data processing task
- `source_topic_name` (String) Source log topic name of the data processing task
- `target_resources` (Attributes Set) Information about the output target (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_resources))
- `task_id` (String) Data processing task ID
- `task_type` (String) Type of the data processing task. Fixed as Resident
- `to_time` (Number) The processing end time of the data processing task, in seconds as a Unix timestamp

<a id="nestedatt--target_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_resources`

Read-Only:

- `alias` (String) Name of the custom output target. You must use this name to refer to the output target in the data processing rules
- `project_id` (String) Log project ID for storing processed logs
- `project_name` (String) Log project name for storing processed logs
- `region` (String) Region of the log topic for storing processed logs
- `role_trn` (String) Cross-account authorization role name
- `topic_id` (String) Log topic ID for storing processed logs
- `topic_name` (String) Log topic name for storing processed logs
