---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_tos_bucket_mirror_back Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TOS"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::TOS::BucketMirrorBack
---

# volcenginecc_tos_bucket_mirror_back (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::TOS::BucketMirrorBack



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `bucket` (String) Bucket name requiring origin fetch rule configuration.
- `rules` (Attributes List) Array of origin fetch policy rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `condition` (Attributes) Conditions that trigger the back-to-origin function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--condition))
- `id` (String) Rule ID. The unique identifier for the back-to-origin rule configured on the current bucket. You can set this yourself to distinguish between multiple rules. Restrictions:
  Characters supported: letters, numbers,   - and _.
  Maximum length: 32 characters.
- `redirect` (Attributes) Back-to-origin redirect configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--redirect))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.condition`

Read-Only:

- `allow_host` (Set of String) Supports triggering origin fetch only for specified domains. The domain must be able to access the bucket; it is recommended to use a custom domain bound to the bucket. Limit: supports up to 30 domains.
- `http_code` (Number) Error code that triggers origin fetch. When a download request returns this error code, origin fetch is triggered. Limit: currently only supports 404.
- `http_method` (Set of String) Request types that trigger back-to-origin. Value description:
  ["GET","HEAD"]: Both GetObject and HeadObject requests can trigger back-to-origin.
  ["GET"]: Only GetObject requests can trigger back-to-origin.
  Default is ["GET"].
- `key_prefix` (String) Object name prefix for matching origin fetch objects. Limit: supports up to 512 characters.
- `key_suffix` (String) Object name suffix for matching origin fetch objects. Limit: supports up to 512 characters.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--redirect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.redirect`

Read-Only:

- `fetch_header_to_meta_data_rules` (Attributes List) List of rules for writing origin response headers to object metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--redirect--fetch_header_to_meta_data_rules))
- `fetch_source_on_redirect` (Boolean) Whether to fetch data from the configured origin after redirection. Value description: true: Fetch data from the configured origin after redirection. false: Do not fetch data from the configured origin after redirection.
- `fetch_source_on_redirect_with_query` (Boolean) Whether to include request parameters when fetching data after redirection. If not configured, inherits PassQuery settings: true: includes request parameters. false: does not include request parameters.
- `follow_redirect` (Boolean) If the result of mirror origin fetch is 3xx, whether to continue redirecting to the specified Location to fetch data. Value description: true: TOS will continue to request the address corresponding to Location. false: TOS will return 302.
- `mirror_header` (Attributes) Specify the headers to include when mirroring back to origin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--redirect--mirror_header))
- `pass_header_from_source` (Set of String) List of origin response headers allowed to be passed through directly.
- `pass_query` (Boolean) Whether to include request parameters when performing redirect or mirror back-to-origin rules. Value description:
  true: Include request parameters.
  false: Do not include request parameters.
- `pass_status_code_from_source` (Set of Number) List of origin response status codes allowed to be passed through directly.
- `private_source` (Attributes) Back-to-origin address configuration when the origin server is a private bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--redirect--private_source))
- `public_source` (Attributes) Back-to-origin address configuration when the origin server is a public bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--redirect--public_source))
- `redirect_type` (String) Specify redirect type. Value range: Mirror: Mirror origin fetch. Async: Redirect origin fetch.
- `transform` (Attributes) Define transformations for the object name when requesting the origin server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--redirect--transform))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--redirect--fetch_header_to_meta_data_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.redirect.fetch_header_to_meta_data_rules`

Read-Only:

- `meta_data_suffix` (String) Suffix appended when writing object metadata.
- `source_header` (String) Origin response header name.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--redirect--mirror_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.redirect.mirror_header`

Read-Only:

- `pass` (Set of String) Pass the specified headers to the origin server. Limit: up to 64.
- `pass_all` (Boolean) Whether to forward all HTTP headers to the origin. Values: true: forwards all HTTP headers to the origin. false: does not forward all HTTP headers to the origin. The following HTTP header types are not supported for forwarding: Host, Content-Length, Date, Authorization.
- `remove` (Set of String) Prohibit forwarding specified headers to the origin. Limit: maximum 64.
- `set` (Attributes Set) List of request headers to add or overwrite during origin fetch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--redirect--mirror_header--set))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--redirect--mirror_header--set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.redirect.mirror_header.set`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Request header name.
- `value` (String) Request header value.



<a id="nestedatt--rules--redirect--private_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.redirect.private_source`

Read-Only:

- `source_endpoint` (Attributes) Back-to-origin address configuration when the origin server is a private bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--redirect--private_source--source_endpoint))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--redirect--private_source--source_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.redirect.private_source.source_endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `follower` (Attributes Set) Backup private origin node list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--redirect--private_source--source_endpoint--follower))
- `primary` (Attributes Set) Origin address for requests. Supports up to 5 origin fetch addresses. Required when the origin is a private bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--redirect--private_source--source_endpoint--primary))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--redirect--private_source--source_endpoint--follower"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.redirect.private_source.source_endpoint.follower`

Read-Only:

- `bucket_name` (String) Name of the origin fetch bucket. Required when the origin is a private bucket.
- `credential_provider` (Attributes) Private back-to-origin authentication method. Required when the origin server is a private bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--redirect--private_source--source_endpoint--follower--credential_provider))
- `endpoint` (String) Access domain name of the origin service provider, excluding bucket name, maximum length 255. Required for private buckets.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--redirect--private_source--source_endpoint--follower--credential_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.redirect.private_source.source_endpoint.follower.credential_provider`

Read-Only:

- `region` (String) Region where the origin fetch bucket is located. Required when using AK/SK authentication.
- `role` (String) Name of AssumeRole. Only when fetching from a private TOS bucket can AssumeRole be used for authentication. Role authentication and AK/SK authentication are mutually exclusive and cannot be set simultaneously.
- `static_credential` (Attributes) Authenticate using AK/SK. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--redirect--private_source--source_endpoint--follower--credential_provider--static_credential))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--redirect--private_source--source_endpoint--follower--credential_provider--static_credential"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.redirect.private_source.source_endpoint.follower.credential_provider.static_credential`

Read-Only:

- `ak` (String) AccessKey ID of the origin bucket. Required when using AK/SK authentication.
- `sk` (String) SecretKey for the back-to-origin bucket. Required when using AK/SK authentication.
- `sk_encrypt_type` (String) Encryption method used for SecretKey. Values:
  Empty: SecretKey is in plaintext. After receiving the SecretKey, the server will encrypt and store it.
  AES256: SecretKey has been encrypted using the AES256 algorithm on the server side. After receiving the SecretKey, the server will parse and encrypt it for storage.
  Note: When a back-to-origin rule is created for the first time, the SecretKey is encrypted with AES256. If you modify the back-to-origin rule without changing the SecretKey parameter, you must first decrypt the SecretKey and then re-encrypt it for storage. Therefore, when calling the PutBucketMirrorBack API to modify the back-to-origin rule and only changing other parameters (not the SecretKey), you can set SKEncryptType to AES256.
- `storage_vendor` (String) Origin service provider. Values: BOS: Baidu Cloud. S3: Other cloud providers using the S3 storage protocol.




<a id="nestedatt--rules--redirect--private_source--source_endpoint--primary"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.redirect.private_source.source_endpoint.primary`

Read-Only:

- `bucket_name` (String) Name of the origin fetch bucket. Required when the origin is a private bucket.
- `credential_provider` (Attributes) Private back-to-origin authentication method. Required when the origin server is a private bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--redirect--private_source--source_endpoint--primary--credential_provider))
- `endpoint` (String) Access domain name of the origin service provider, excluding bucket name, maximum length 255. Required for private buckets.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--redirect--private_source--source_endpoint--primary--credential_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.redirect.private_source.source_endpoint.primary.credential_provider`

Read-Only:

- `region` (String) Region where the origin fetch bucket is located. Required when using AK/SK authentication.
- `role` (String) Name of AssumeRole. Only when fetching from a private TOS bucket can AssumeRole be used for authentication. Role authentication and AK/SK authentication are mutually exclusive and cannot be set simultaneously.
- `static_credential` (Attributes) Authenticate using AK/SK. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--redirect--private_source--source_endpoint--primary--credential_provider--static_credential))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--redirect--private_source--source_endpoint--primary--credential_provider--static_credential"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.redirect.private_source.source_endpoint.primary.credential_provider.static_credential`

Read-Only:

- `ak` (String) AccessKey ID of the origin bucket. Required when using AK/SK authentication.
- `sk` (String) SecretKey for the back-to-origin bucket. Required when using AK/SK authentication.
- `sk_encrypt_type` (String) Encryption method used for SecretKey. Values:
  Empty: SecretKey is in plaintext. After receiving the SecretKey, the server will encrypt and store it.
  AES256: SecretKey has been encrypted using the AES256 algorithm on the server side. After receiving the SecretKey, the server will parse and encrypt it for storage.
  Note: When a back-to-origin rule is created for the first time, the SecretKey is encrypted with AES256. If you modify the back-to-origin rule without changing the SecretKey parameter, you must first decrypt the SecretKey and then re-encrypt it for storage. Therefore, when calling the PutBucketMirrorBack API to modify the back-to-origin rule and only changing other parameters (not the SecretKey), you can set SKEncryptType to AES256.
- `storage_vendor` (String) Origin service provider. Values: BOS: Baidu Cloud. S3: Other cloud providers using the S3 storage protocol.






<a id="nestedatt--rules--redirect--public_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.redirect.public_source`

Read-Only:

- `fixed_endpoint` (Boolean) Whether to always use the configured origin address.
- `source_endpoint` (Attributes) Publicly accessible origin address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--redirect--public_source--source_endpoint))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--redirect--public_source--source_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.redirect.public_source.source_endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `follower` (Set of String) Origin address. Limit: Maximum length 255, supports up to 5 origin fetch addresses. When all origin fetches fail in Primary, an origin is selected from this configuration.
- `primary` (Set of String) Origin address. Limit: Maximum length 255, supports up to 5 origin fetch addresses.



<a id="nestedatt--rules--redirect--transform"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.redirect.transform`

Read-Only:

- `replace_key_prefix` (Attributes) Object name prefix to be replaced when requesting the origin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--redirect--transform--replace_key_prefix))
- `with_key_prefix` (String) Prefix added before the object name when requesting the origin server. Limit: up to 512 characters.
- `with_key_suffix` (String) Prefix added before the object name when requesting the origin server. Limit: up to 512 characters.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--redirect--transform--replace_key_prefix"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.redirect.transform.replace_key_prefix`

Read-Only:

- `key_prefix` (String) Object name prefix to be replaced when requesting the origin. Limit: Supports up to 512 characters.
- `replace_with` (String) Value of the object name prefix after replacement when requesting the origin. Limit: Supports up to 512 characters.
