---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_transitrouter_vpc_attachment Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TransitRouter"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::TransitRouter::VpcAttachment
---

# volcenginecc_transitrouter_vpc_attachment (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::TransitRouter::VpcAttachment



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `appliance_mode_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable path consistency mode. Enter the following enumerated values exactly as shown; do not use other values. true: Yes. When enabled, TR forwarding traffic to this VPC connection will select the same availability zone connection point for both request and return traffic. false: No.
- `attach_points` (Attributes Set) Network instance connection list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attach_points))
- `auto_publish_route_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to automatically synchronize TR routes to the network instance route table. Enter the following enumerated values exactly as shown; do not use other values. true: Yes. The system will automatically synchronize route entries from the TR route table associated with this network instance connection to the network instance's route table. The system will only synchronize TR routes if this parameter is set to true and there are route entries in the associated TR route table. false (default): No.
- `bandwidth` (Number) Maximum bandwidth for the network instance connection, in Gbps.
- `created_time` (String) Creation time.
- `description` (String) Description of the network instance connection. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length must be between 0 and 255 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is specified, the default is an empty string.
- `ipv_6_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable IPv6. Enter the following enumerated values exactly as shown; do not use other values. true: Yes. false: No.
- `status` (String) Network instance connection status. Creating: Creating. Deleting: Deleting. Pending: Configuring. Available: Available.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `transit_router_attachment_id` (String) Network instance connection ID.
- `transit_router_attachment_name` (String) Name of the network instance connection. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is specified, the default is the network instance connection ID.
- `transit_router_id` (String) Transit router instance ID.
- `updated_time` (String) Update time.
- `vpc_id` (String) Private network instance ID.

<a id="nestedatt--attach_points"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attach_points`

Read-Only:

- `network_interface_id` (String) Network interface card ID of the connection point.
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet ID of the connection point.
- `zone_id` (String) Availability zone ID of the connection point.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key for user tag.
- `value` (String) Tag value for user tag.
