---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_transitrouter_direct_connect_gateway_attachment Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TransitRouter"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::TransitRouter::DirectConnectGatewayAttachment
---

# volcenginecc_transitrouter_direct_connect_gateway_attachment (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::TransitRouter::DirectConnectGatewayAttachment



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Account ID to which the network instance connection belongs
- `auto_publish_route_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to automatically synchronize TR routes to the network instance route table
- `bandwidth` (Number) Maximum bandwidth of the network instance connection, in Gbps
- `creation_time` (String) Creation time of the network instance connection
- `description` (String) Description of the network instance connection. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), Chinese period (。). Length can be 0–255 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is passed, the default is an empty string
- `direct_connect_gateway_id` (String) Direct connect gateway ID. You can call the DescribeDirectConnectGateways API to obtain the direct connect gateway ID
- `ipv_6_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable IPv6
- `status` (String) Status of the network instance connection. Creating means being created, Deleting means being deleted, Pending means being configured, Available means available
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information of the network instance connection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `transit_router_attachment_id` (String) Network instance connection ID
- `transit_router_attachment_name` (String) Name of the network instance connection. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length can be 1–128 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is passed, the default is the network instance connection ID
- `transit_router_id` (String) Transit router instance ID. You can call the DescribeTransitRouters API to obtain the transit router instance ID
- `update_time` (String) Most recent operation time of the network instance connection

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key
- `value` (String) Tag value
