---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router_route_table Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TransitRouter"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::TransitRouter::TransitRouterRouteTable
---

# volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router_route_table (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::TransitRouter::TransitRouterRouteTable



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (String) Creation time of the TR routing table
- `description` (String) Description of the TR routing table. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character, and can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length limit: 0–255 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is specified, the default is an empty string.
- `in_route_policy_table_id` (String) ID of the inbound routing policy associated with the TR routing table
- `out_route_policy_table_id` (String) ID of the outbound routing policy associated with the TR routing table
- `status` (String) Status of the TR routing table. Creating: creating. Deleting: deleting. Pending: configuring. Available: available
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information for the TR routing table (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `transit_router_id` (String) Transit Router instance ID
- `transit_router_route_table_id` (String) TR routing table ID
- `transit_router_route_table_name` (String) Name of the TR routing table. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character, and can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length limit: 1–128 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is specified, the default is the TR routing table ID
- `transit_router_route_table_type` (String) Type of TR routing table. System: system routing table. Custom: custom routing table.
- `updated_time` (String) Last operation time of the TR routing table

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key
- `value` (String) Tag value
