---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router_route_entry Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TransitRouter"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::TransitRouter::TransitRouterRouteEntry
---

# volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router_route_entry (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::TransitRouter::TransitRouterRouteEntry



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `as_path` (Set of String) AS path of the route entry
- `created_time` (String) Creation time of the route entry
- `description` (String) Description of the TR route table entry. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length must be between 0 and 255 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is specified, the default is an empty string
- `destination_cidr_block` (String) Destination CIDR block of the route entry
- `status` (String) Status of the route entry. Available: Available. Creating: Creating. Pending: Configuring. Deleting: Deleting. Conflicted: Inactive
- `transit_router_route_entry_id` (String) ID of the TR route entry
- `transit_router_route_entry_name` (String) Name of the route entry
- `transit_router_route_entry_next_hop_id` (String) Next hop ID of the route entry
- `transit_router_route_entry_next_hop_resource_id` (String) Next hop network instance ID of the route entry
- `transit_router_route_entry_next_hop_resource_type` (String) Type of the next hop network instance for the route entry. VPC: Virtual Private Cloud. VPN: VPN connection. DirectConnectGateway: Direct Connect Gateway. TransitRouter: Transit Router
- `transit_router_route_entry_next_hop_type` (String) Next hop type of the route entry. Valid values: Attachment: Network instance. Traffic matching this route entry will be forwarded to the specified network instance. BlackHole: Black hole. Traffic matching this route entry will be dropped
- `transit_router_route_entry_type` (String) Type of the route entry. Static: Static route. Propagated: Learned route
- `transit_router_route_table_id` (String) ID of the route table associated with the transit router instance
- `updated_time` (String) Last updated time of the route entry
