---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router_bandwidth_package Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TransitRouter"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::TransitRouter::TransitRouterBandwidthPackage
---

# volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router_bandwidth_package (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::TransitRouter::TransitRouterBandwidthPackage



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Account ID to which the bandwidth package belongs.
- `allocations` (Attributes List) Details of the cross-region connection associated with the bandwidth package. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allocations))
- `bandwidth` (Number) Bandwidth peak of the transit router bandwidth package, in Mbps.
- `billing_status` (Number) Billing status of the transit router bandwidth package. 0: creating. 1: running. 3: unsubscribed. 4: expired and stopped. 5: expired and recycled. 8: unsubscribed and stopped.
- `billing_type` (Number) Billing method of the transit router bandwidth package. 1: subscription (yearly/monthly).
- `business_status` (String) Business status of the transit router bandwidth package. Normal: normal. FinancialLocked: frozen.
- `creation_time` (String) Creation time of the transit router bandwidth package.
- `deleted_time` (String) Deletion time of the transit router bandwidth package.
- `description` (String) Description of the transit router bandwidth package.
- `expired_time` (String) Expiration time of the transit router bandwidth package.
- `line_operator` (String) Carrier for cross-border bandwidth package. ChinaUnicom: China Unicom ChinaTelecom: China Telecom
- `local_geographic_region_set_id` (String) Local geographic region ID for transit router bandwidth package interconnection. China: Chinese mainland Asia: Asia-Pacific
- `peer_geographic_region_set_id` (String) Peer geographic region ID for transit router bandwidth package interconnection. China: Chinese mainland. Asia: Asia-Pacific.
- `period` (Number) Purchase duration of the transit router bandwidth package.
- `period_unit` (String) Billing cycle of the transit router bandwidth package. Month: billed monthly. Year: billed yearly.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the transit router bandwidth package belongs.
- `reclaim_time` (String) Recycle time after the transit router bandwidth package expires. Returned when BillingType is 1.
- `remain_renew_times` (Number) Number of auto-renewals. Value can be -1 or 1–100. Default is -1, which means unlimited auto-renewals.
- `remaining_bandwidth` (Number) Remaining unallocated bandwidth of the transit router bandwidth package, in Mbps.
- `renew_period` (Number) Duration of each auto-renewal, in months.
- `renew_type` (String) Renewal type for transit router bandwidth package. Manual: Manual renewal Auto: Automatic renewal NoRenew: Do not renew
- `status` (String) Status of the transit router bandwidth package. Creating: creating. Deleting: deleting. Pending: configuring. Available: available.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information of the transit router bandwidth package. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `transit_router_bandwidth_package_id` (String) Transit router bandwidth package ID.
- `transit_router_bandwidth_package_name` (String) Name of the transit router bandwidth package.
- `update_time` (String) Last operation time of the transit router bandwidth package.

<a id="nestedatt--allocations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allocations`

Read-Only:

- `allocate_time` (String) Time when the bandwidth package was associated with the cross-region connection.
- `bandwidth` (Number) Bandwidth peak of the cross-region connection, in Mbps.
- `local_region_id` (String) Region ID of the local transit router instance in the cross-region connection.
- `peer_region_id` (String) Region ID of the peer transit router instance in the cross-region connection.
- `transit_router_peer_attachment_id` (String) ID of the cross-region connection.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key of the tag.
- `value` (String) Tag value
