---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TransitRouter"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::TransitRouter::TransitRouter
---

# volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::TransitRouter::TransitRouter



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `asn` (Number) ASN of the transit router. Value range: 64512–65534 and 4200000000–4294967294. Default value: 64512
- `attachments` (Attributes Set) Detailed information of the network instance connection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attachments))
- `business_status` (String) Business status of the network instance connection. Values: Normal: Normal. FinancialLocked: Financially locked.
- `creation_time` (String) Creation time of the network instance connection.
- `deleted_time` (String) Deletion time of the network instance connection.
- `description` (String) Description of the transit router instance. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can contain letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), Chinese period (。). Length limit: 0–255 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is entered, the default is an empty string
- `grant_source_type` (String) Sharing method of the transit router instance. rs: Shared via platform resource sharing. tr: Shared via transit router instance sharing
- `grant_status` (String) Instance sharing status. Accepted: Received. Initial: Pending acceptance.
- `multicast_enabled` (Boolean) Whether multicast is enabled for the transit router. true: enabled. false (default): not enabled
- `overdue_time` (String) Shutdown time due to overdue payment for the transit router instance
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the transit router instance belongs. If this parameter is not provided or no value is entered, the default is 'default'
- `status` (String) Status of the transit router instance. Creating: creating. Deleting: deleting. Pending: configuring. Available: available
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `transit_router_id` (String) Transit router instance ID.
- `transit_router_name` (String) Name of the transit router instance. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length limit: 1–128 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is specified, the default is the transit router instance ID.
- `update_time` (String) Last operation time of the transit router instance

<a id="nestedatt--attachments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attachments`

Read-Only:

- `auto_publish_route_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to automatically synchronize TR routes to the network instance route table. true: Yes. false: No.
- `business_status` (String) Business status of the network instance connection. Values: Normal: Normal. FinancialLocked: Financially locked.
- `creation_time` (String) Creation time of the network instance connection.
- `deleted_time` (String) Deletion time of the network instance connection.
- `description` (String) Description of the network instance connection.
- `ipv_6_enabled` (Boolean) Whether IPv6 is enabled. true: yes. false: no
- `overdue_time` (String) Shutdown time due to overdue payment for the network instance connection
- `resource_id` (String) ID of the network instance
- `resource_type` (String) Type of network instance associated with the network instance connection. VPC: Virtual Private Cloud. VPN: VPN connection. DirectConnectGateway: Direct Connect Gateway. TransitRouter: Transit Router
- `status` (String) Status of the network instance connection. Creating: creating. Deleting: deleting. Pending: configuring. Available: available
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information of the network instance connection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attachments--tags))
- `transit_router_attachment_id` (String) Network instance connection ID.
- `transit_router_attachment_name` (String) Name of the network instance connection
- `transit_router_forward_policy_table_id` (String) ID of the forwarding policy associated with the cross-region connection
- `transit_router_id` (String) Transit router instance ID.
- `transit_router_route_table_id` (String) Route table ID associated with the forwarding of the network instance connection.
- `transit_router_traffic_qos_marking_policy_id` (String) ID of the flow marking policy associated with the cross-region connection
- `transit_router_traffic_qos_queue_policy_id` (String) ID of the flow queue policy associated with the cross-region connection
- `update_time` (String) Last operation time of the network instance connection

<a id="nestedatt--attachments--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attachments.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key
- `value` (String) Tag value.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key
- `value` (String) Tag value.
