---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_transitrouter_vpn_attachment Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TransitRouter"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::TransitRouter::VpnAttachment
---

# volcenginecc_transitrouter_vpn_attachment (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::TransitRouter::VpnAttachment



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `auto_publish_route_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to automatically sync TR routes to the network instance route table.
- `created_time` (String) Creation time.
- `description` (String) Network instance connection description. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length limit: 0–255 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is specified, the default is an empty string.
- `health_check_revoke_route_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable health check route convergence. true: Yes. Effective only when the IPsec connection has health check enabled; supports convergence of static routes only, not BGP routes. false: No.
- `ipv_6_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable IPv6.
- `status` (String) Network instance connection status. Creating: being created. Deleting: being deleted. Pending: being configured. Available: available.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `transit_router_attachment_id` (String) Network instance connection ID.
- `transit_router_attachment_name` (String) Network instance connection name. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length limit: 1–128 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is specified, the default is the network instance connection ID.
- `transit_router_id` (String) Transit router instance ID.
- `transit_router_route_table_id` (String) Associated TR route table ID.
- `updated_time` (String) Update time.
- `vpn_connection_id` (String) IPsec connection ID.
- `zone_id` (String) ID of the availability zone to which the IPsec connection belongs.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) User tag key.
- `value` (String) User tag value.
