---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_vedbm_allow_list Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VEDBM"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::VEDBM::AllowList
---

# volcenginecc_vedbm_allow_list (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::VEDBM::AllowList



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `allow_list` (String) IP allowlist. Separate multiple IP addresses with commas (,). Duplicate entries are not allowed.
- `allow_list_desc` (String) Allowlist description.
- `allow_list_id` (String) Allowlist ID.
- `allow_list_ip_num` (Number) Total number of IP addresses (or address ranges) in the allowlist.
- `allow_list_name` (String) Allowlist name.
- `allow_list_type` (String) IP address type in the allowlist. Only IPv4 is currently supported.
- `associated_instance_num` (Number) Total number of instances bound to the allowlist.
- `associated_instances` (Attributes Set) List of bound instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associated_instances))
- `modify_mode` (String) How to modify the allowlist. Supported settings: Cover (default): Overwrite the original allowlist with the values in the AllowList parameter. Append: Add IP addresses entered in the AllowList parameter to the original allowlist. Delete: Remove IP addresses entered in the AllowList parameter from the original allowlist. At least one IP address must remain.
- `project_name` (String) Project name associated with the allowlist. If left blank, the new allowlist will be added to the default project.

<a id="nestedatt--associated_instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associated_instances`

Read-Only:

- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID.
- `instance_name` (String) Instance name.
- `vpc` (String) Instance VPC ID.
