---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_vke_permission Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VKE"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::VKE::Permission
---

# volcenginecc_vke_permission (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::VKE::Permission



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `authorized_at` (String) Time when the RBAC policy resource was authorized.
- `authorizer_id` (Number) Grantor ID. Can be an IAM user ID or an IAM role ID.
- `authorizer_name` (String) Grantor name
- `authorizer_type` (String) Type of grantor. Possible values: User: IAM user. Role: IAM role. Account: account.
- `cluster_id` (String) Cluster ID to be authorized for the IAM user or role. This parameter is required when roleDomain is namespace or cluster.
- `created_time` (String) Time when the RBAC policy resource was created.
- `grantee_id` (Number) Grantee ID. Can be an IAM user ID or an IAM role ID.
- `grantee_type` (String) Type of grantee. Possible values: User: IAM user. Role: IAM role. Account: account.
- `is_custom_role` (Boolean) Whether the RBAC role granted to the grantee is a custom role. Possible values: true: custom role. false (default): system predefined role.
- `kube_role_binding_name` (String) The object name of the RBAC policy resource in Kubernetes.
- `message` (String) Authorization details message.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace name to be authorized for the IAM user or role. This parameter is required when roleDomain equals namespace. If roleDomain does not equal namespace, this parameter is not effective.
- `permission_id` (String) RBAC policy resource ID.
- `project_selector` (String) Project selector
- `revoked_at` (String) Time when authorization is revoked.
- `role_domain` (String) The permission type granted to an IAM user or role. Possible values: namespace: grants permissions at the namespace level. cluster: grants permissions at the cluster level. all_clusters: grants permissions at the cluster level for all clusters under the current account.
- `role_name` (String) Name of the RBAC role granted to the grantee. This parameter must be specified. When roleDomain is all_clusters, custom role names are not allowed.
- `status` (String) Status of the RBAC access policy resource. Possible values: Success: authorization succeeded. Failed: authorization failed. Pending: authorization in progress. PartialSuccess: partial authorization succeeded.
