---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpc_prefix_list Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::VPC::PrefixList
---

# volcenginecc_vpc_prefix_list (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::VPC::PrefixList



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `association_count` (Number) Number of resources associated with the prefix list.
- `associations_route_tables` (Attributes Set) Route table information associated with the prefix list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associations_route_tables))
- `associations_security_groups` (Attributes Set) Security group information associated with the prefix list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associations_security_groups))
- `created_time` (String) Creation time of the prefix list.
- `description` (String) Description of the prefix list. Length limit: 0–255 characters. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number. Can include English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。).
- `ip_version` (String) IP version type. Values: IPv4 (default): IPv4 type. IPv6: IPv6 type.
- `max_entries` (Number) Maximum number of entries, that is, the maximum number of entries that can be added to the prefix list. Value range: 1–200.
- `prefix_list_entries` (Attributes Set) CIDR of the prefix list entry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prefix_list_entries))
- `prefix_list_id` (String) Prefix list ID.
- `prefix_list_name` (String) Name of the prefix list. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number. Can include period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-).
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the prefix list belongs. If not specified, it is added to the default project.
- `status` (String) Status of the prefix list. Values: Available: available; Creating: creating; Deleting: deleting; Pending: modifying.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `updated_time` (String) Last modification time of the prefix list.

<a id="nestedatt--associations_route_tables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associations_route_tables`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) ID of the associated resource.
- `resource_type` (String) Type of associated resource. VpcRouteTable: route table; VpcSecurityGroup: security group.


<a id="nestedatt--associations_security_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associations_security_groups`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) ID of the associated resource.
- `resource_type` (String) Type of associated resource. VpcRouteTable: route table; VpcSecurityGroup: security group.


<a id="nestedatt--prefix_list_entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prefix_list_entries`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR of the prefix list entry.
- `description` (String) Description of the prefix list entry. Length limit: 0–255 characters. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number. Can include English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。).


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key of the user tag.
- `value` (String) Tag value of the user tag.
