---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpc_ipv6_gateway Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::VPC::Ipv6Gateway
---

# volcenginecc_vpc_ipv6_gateway (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::VPC::Ipv6Gateway



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (String) Creation time of the IPv6 gateway instance
- `description` (String) Description of the IPv6 gateway instance. Length limit: 0–255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number. Can include English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。)
- `ipv_6_gateway_id` (String) IPv6 gateway instance ID
- `name` (String) Name of the IPv6 gateway instance. Length limit: 1–128 characters. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number. Can include period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). If not specified, defaults to the IPv6 gateway ID
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the IPv6 gateway belongs
- `route_table_id` (String) Route table ID associated with the IPv6 gateway instance
- `status` (String) Operating status of the IPv6 gateway instance. Possible values: Creating: Creating. Deleting: Deleting. Available: Available
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `updated_time` (String) Modification time of the IPv6 gateway instance
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID to be associated with the IPv6 gateway instance. Each VPC can only be associated with one IPv6 gateway instance. Ensure the VPC to be associated is not linked to another IPv6 gateway instance

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key
- `value` (String) Tag value
