---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpc_subnet Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::VPC::Subnet
---

# volcenginecc_vpc_subnet (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::VPC::Subnet



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) ID of the account to which the subnet belongs
- `available_ip_address_count` (Number) Number of available IP addresses in the subnet
- `cidr_block` (String) Subnet IPv4 CIDR block
- `created_time` (String) Subnet creation time
- `description` (String) Subnet description. Limited to 0–255 characters. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number. Can include English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Cannot start with http:// or https://
- `enable_ipv_6` (Boolean) Enable or disable IPv6. This parameter can be configured only if the VPC to which the subnet belongs has IPv6 enabled. 1. true: Enable. 2. false: Disable. This value can be configured only if no cloud resources in the subnet have assigned IPv6 addresses
- `ipv_6_cidr_block` (String) Subnet IPv6 CIDR block. 1. When creating or modifying, enter the last 8 bits of the subnet IPv6 CIDR block (subnet mask is fixed at /64). 2. This parameter is supported only when EnableIpv6 is set to true. 3. Value range: 0–255. Mask is fixed at /64
- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether the subnet is a default subnet. 1. true: Default subnet, created automatically when an ECS instance is created. 2. false: Non-default subnet, created manually by the user
- `network_acl_id` (String) ID of the network ACL associated with the subnet
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project associated with the VPC instance where the subnet resides
- `read_ipv_6_cidr_block` (String) Read-only field, subnet IPv6 CIDR block
- `route_table` (Attributes) Route table information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route_table))
- `status` (String) Subnet status. 1. Pending: Configuring. 2. Available: Available
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet whose information is to be modified
- `subnet_name` (String) Subnet name, limited to 1–128 characters. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number. Can include period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Cannot start with http:// or https://. If not specified, defaults to the subnet ID
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Subnet tag information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `total_ipv_4_count` (Number) Total number of available IPs in the subnet
- `updated_time` (String) Subnet update time
- `vpc_id` (String) ID of the VPC to which the subnet belongs
- `zone_id` (String) Availability zone ID for the subnet to be created. For more information, see Regions and Availability Zones

<a id="nestedatt--route_table"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route_table`

Read-Only:

- `route_table_id` (String) ID of the route table associated with the subnet
- `route_table_type` (String) Type of route table associated with the subnet. 1. System: System route table. 2. Custom: Custom route table


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) User tag key
- `value` (String) User tag value
