---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpc_traffic_mirror_target Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::VPC::TrafficMirrorTarget
---

# volcenginecc_vpc_traffic_mirror_target (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::VPC::TrafficMirrorTarget



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Creation time of the mirror session.
- `description` (String) Listener description. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length must be between 0 and 255 characters. If not specified, the default value is an empty string.
- `instance_id` (String) Resource ID of the mirror target.
- `instance_type` (String) Resource type of the mirror target. NetworkInterface: Elastic network interface. ClbInstance: Classic load balancer.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the mirror target belongs. If not specified, it will be added to the default project.
- `status` (String) Status of the mirror target. Available: Available. Creating: Creating.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information of the mirror target. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `traffic_mirror_target_id` (String) ID of the mirror target.
- `traffic_mirror_target_name` (String) Listener name. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. If not specified, the default is 'protocol-port' as the listener name.
- `updated_at` (String) Update time of the mirror session.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. Supports input of characters from any language, numbers, spaces ( ), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and @ (@). If the tag key starts or ends with a space, the system will automatically remove it.
- `value` (String) Tag value. Length must be between 0 and 256 characters. If not specified, the default is empty. Supports input of characters from any language, numbers, spaces ( ), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and @ (@). Case sensitive. If the tag value starts or ends with a space, the system will automatically remove it.
