---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpc_ha_vip Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::VPC::HAVIP
---

# volcenginecc_vpc_ha_vip (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::VPC::HAVIP



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `associated_eip_address` (String) IP address of the public IP bound to the HAVIP
- `associated_eip_id` (String) ID of the public IP bound to the HAVIP
- `associated_instance_ids` (Set of String) List of instance IDs bound to the HAVIP
- `associated_instance_type` (String) Instance type bound to the HAVIP. EcsInstance: cloud server instance. NetworkInterface: elastic network interface
- `created_at` (String) Creation time of the HAVIP
- `description` (String) Description of the HAVIP. Length limit: 0–255 characters
- `ha_vip_id` (String) ID of the HAVIP
- `ha_vip_name` (String) Name of the HAVIP. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character, and can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length limit: 0–128 characters
- `ip_address` (String) IP address of the HAVIP
- `master_instance_id` (String) ID of the primary instance bound to the HAVIP
- `project_name` (String) Project name of the HAVIP
- `status` (String) Status of the HAVIP. Available: available. Creating: creating. InUse: in use. Deleting: deleting
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet ID to which the HAVIP belongs
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags associated with the HAVIP (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `updated_at` (String) Last modification time of the HAVIP
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID to which the HAVIP belongs

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key for user tags. Length range: 1–128 characters. Supports input of characters in any language, numbers, spaces ( ), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and @ (@). If the tag key starts or ends with a space, the system automatically removes it
- `value` (String) Tag value for user tags. Supports input of characters in any language, numbers, spaces ( ), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and @ (@). Case sensitive. If the tag value starts or ends with a space, the system automatically removes it
