---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpn_customer_gateway Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPN"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::VPN::CustomerGateway
---

# volcenginecc_vpn_customer_gateway (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::VPN::CustomerGateway



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) ID of the account to which the user gateway belongs
- `asn` (Number) User gateway ASN (Autonomous System Number). This parameter is required if you need to use BGP functionality. Valid ASN range is 1–4294967295 (excluding 137718, 150436, and 65533)
- `connection_count` (Number) Number of IPsec connections associated with the user gateway
- `created_time` (String) Time when the user gateway was created
- `customer_gateway_id` (String) Gateway ID
- `customer_gateway_name` (String) User gateway name. Must start with a Chinese character, letter, or number, and can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. If not specified, defaults to the user gateway ID
- `description` (String) Description of the user gateway. Must start with a Chinese character, letter, or number, and can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, period (.), space ( ), underscore (_), hyphen (-), equals sign (=), English comma (,), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length must be between 0 and 255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string
- `ip_address` (String) Static public IP address of the peer local data center gateway or the VPN gateway egress IP address of another VPC. If the peer does not have a fixed static public IP, enter 0.0.0.0 here
- `ip_version` (String) IP address protocol type for the VPN gateway. Options: ipv4 (default), ipv6
- `project_name` (String) Project to which the user gateway belongs. If not specified, defaults to 'default', meaning the created resource belongs to the default project
- `status` (String) Status of the user gateway. Creating: creating. Deleting: deleting. Pending: configuring. Available: available
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `updated_time` (String) Time when the user gateway was updated

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key for user tag
- `value` (String) Tag value for user tag
