---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpn_ssl_vpn_client_cert Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPN"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::VPN::SslVpnClientCert
---

# volcenginecc_vpn_ssl_vpn_client_cert (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::VPN::SslVpnClientCert



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `ca_certificate` (String) CA certificate information.
- `certificate_status` (String) SSL client certificate status. Available: available; Expiring: expiring, displays this status when the expiration time is less than or equal to one week; Expired: expired.
- `client_certificate` (String) Client certificate information.
- `client_key` (String) Client key information.
- `creation_time` (String) Creation time of the SSL client certificate.
- `description` (String) Description of the SSL client certificate. Must start with a Chinese character, letter, or number, and can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, period (.), space ( ), underscore (_), hyphen (-), equals sign (=), English comma (,), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length must be between 0–255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string.
- `expired_time` (String) Expiration time of the SSL client certificate.
- `open_vpn_client_config` (String) OpenVPN client configuration.
- `ssl_vpn_client_cert_id` (String) SSL client certificate ID.
- `ssl_vpn_client_cert_name` (String) Name of the SSL client certificate. Must start with a Chinese character, letter, or number, and can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length must be between 1–128 characters. If not specified, defaults to the SSL client certificate ID.
- `ssl_vpn_server_id` (String) ID of the SSL server used to create the SSL client certificate. You can call DescribeSslVpnServers to query the SSL server ID information.
- `status` (String) SSL client status. Creating: being created; Deleting: being deleted; Pending: being configured; Available: available.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) SSL client certificate tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `update_time` (String) Modification time of the SSL client certificate.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key (Key) for SSL client certificate tags. Parameter   - N: indicates the sequence number of the tag key, range: 1–20. Multiple tag keys are separated by &. Naming rules: Cannot start with any combination of 'sys:' in any case. Can only contain language characters, numbers, spaces, and English symbols '_', '.', ':', '/', '=', '+', '-', '@'. Length must be between 1–128 characters. Note: Duplicate tag keys are not allowed for the same resource.
- `value` (String) Tag value (Value) for SSL client certificate tags. Parameter   - N: indicates the sequence number of the tag value, range: 1–20. Multiple tag values are separated by &. Naming rules: Can only contain language characters, numbers, spaces, and English symbols '_', '.', ':', '/', '=', '+', '-', '@'. Can be empty, length must be between 0–256 characters. Case-sensitive, cannot start or end with a space. Note: If Tags.N.Value is provided, Tags.N.Key must also be provided.
