---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpn_vpn_gateway Data Source - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPN"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Volcengine::VPN::VPNGateway
---

# volcenginecc_vpn_vpn_gateway (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Volcengine::VPN::VPNGateway



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `asn` (Number) ASN of the VPN gateway.
- `bandwidth` (Number) VPN gateway bandwidth specification.
- `billing_type` (Number) VPN gateway billing type. 1: Subscription. 2: Pay-as-you-go (fixed specification)
- `business_status` (String) VPN gateway billing status. Normal: Normal. FinancialLocked: Locked.
- `connection_count` (Number) Number of IPsec connections associated with the VPN gateway.
- `create_time` (String) Time when the VPN gateway was created.
- `deleted_time` (String) Expected resource forced reclaim time.
- `description` (String) Description of the VPN gateway.
- `dual_tunnel_enabled` (Boolean) Whether dual tunnel mode is enabled for the VPN gateway. true: Enabled false: Disabled
- `expired_time` (String) VPN gateway expiration time.
- `ip_address` (String) VPN gateway public IP address.
- `ip_stack_type` (String) VPN gateway protocol type. ipv4_only: IPv4 protocol type. ipv6_only: IPv6 protocol type. ipv4_ipv6: Dual-stack protocol type.
- `ip_version` (String) IP address type of the VPN gateway. ipv4: IPv4 address type. ipv6: IPv6 address type.
- `ipsec_enabled` (Boolean) Enable IPSec feature. true: enabled false: disabled
- `is_blocked` (Boolean) Whether the current resource is banned. true: Banned false: Not banned.
- `lock_reason` (String) VPN gateway lock reasons. financial: Locked due to overdue payment. security: Locked for security reasons. unlock: Not locked.
- `overdue_time` (String) Resource freeze time. This parameter returns a value only if the resource is frozen due to overdue payment; otherwise, it returns an empty value.
- `period` (Number) Subscription VPN gateway purchase duration, default is '1'. If PeriodUnit is Month, Period value range: 1–9, 12, 24, 36. If PeriodUnit is Year, Period value range: 1–3.
- `period_unit` (String) Unit for the purchase duration of subscription-based VPN gateways. Default is 'Month'. Month: month Year: year
- `project_name` (String) Project to which the VPN gateway belongs. If not specified, defaults to 'default', meaning the created resource belongs to the default project. You can call ListProjects to query project information under the current account.
- `route_count` (Number) Number of route entries for the VPN gateway.
- `secondary_ip_address` (String) Second public IP address of the VPN gateway. This parameter is returned only for VPN gateway instances in dual tunnel mode; it is not returned for instances in single tunnel mode.
- `secondary_subnet_id` (String) ID of the second subnet associated with the VPN gateway instance. This parameter is returned only for VPN gateway instances in dual tunnel mode; it is not returned for instances in single tunnel mode.
- `ssl_enabled` (Boolean) Enable SSL VPN feature. true: enabled false: disabled
- `ssl_max_connections` (Number) Maximum SSL connections for the VPN gateway.
- `status` (String) Status of the VPN gateway. Creating: creating Deleting: deleting Pending: configuring Available: available
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet to which the port used by the VPN gateway belongs.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) All tag information added to the VPN gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `update_time` (String) VPN gateway update time.
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID where the VPN gateway is located.
- `vpn_gateway_id` (String) ID of the VPN gateway.
- `vpn_gateway_name` (String) Name of the VPN gateway.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) VPN gateway tag key (Key). Parameter   - N: Indicates the sequence number of the tag key, value range: 1–20. Multiple tag keys are separated by &. Naming rules: Cannot start with any combination of volc: or sys: (case-insensitive). Can only contain language characters, numbers, spaces, and English symbols '_', '.', ':', '/', '=', '+', '-', '@'. Length limit: 1–128 characters. Note: Tag keys for the same resource must not be duplicated.
- `value` (String) VPN gateway tag value (Value). Parameter   - N: Indicates the sequence number of the tag value, value range: 1–20. Multiple tag values are separated by &. Naming rules: Can only contain language characters, numbers, spaces, and English symbols '_', '.', ':', '/', '=', '+', '-', '@'. Can be empty. Length limit: 0–256 characters. Case-sensitive. Cannot start or end with a space. Note: If Tags.N.Value is provided, Tags.N.Key must also be provided.
