---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "volcenginecc Provider"
description: |-
  
---

# volcenginecc Provider





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_key` (String) The Access Key for Volcengine Provider. It must be provided, but it can also be sourced from the `VOLCENGINE_ACCESS_KEY` environment variable
- `assume_role` (Attributes) An `assume_role` block (documented below). Only one `assume_role` block may be in the configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assume_role))
- `customer_headers` (String) CUSTOMER HEADERS for Volcengine Provider. The customer_headers field uses commas (,) to separate multiple headers, and colons (:) to separate each header key from its corresponding value.
- `disable_ssl` (Boolean) Disable SSL for Volcengine Provider
- `endpoints` (Attributes) An `endpoints` block (documented below). Only one `endpoints` block may be in the configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))
- `proxy_url` (String) PROXY URL for Volcengine Provider
- `region` (String) The Region for Volcengine Provider. It must be provided, but it can also be sourced from the `VOLCENGINE_REGION` environment variable
- `secret_key` (String) he Secret Key for Volcengine Provider. It must be provided, but it can also be sourced from the `VOLCENGINE_SECRET_KEY` environment variable

<a id="nestedatt--assume_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assume_role`

Required:

- `assume_role_trn` (String) he TRN of the role to assume.

Optional:

- `duration_seconds` (Number) The duration of the session when making the AssumeRole call. Its value ranges from 900 to 43200(seconds), and default is 3600 seconds.
- `policy` (String) A more restrictive policy when making the AssumeRole call


<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Optional:

- `cloudcontrolapi` (String) Use this to override the default Cloud Control API service endpoint URL
- `sts` (String) Use this to override the default STS service endpoint URL
