---
page_title: "volcenginecc_alb_health_check_template Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "ALB"
description: |-
  Health checks are essential for ensuring application availability. ALB regularly performs health checks on backend servers to verify whether they can accept new requests. If a backend server fails to respond properly to ALB's health check requests, client traffic will not be routed to that server. ALB forwards traffic to other servers with a healthy status, ensuring service continuity and reliability. ALB health checks are performed based on server groups. Once health checks are enabled for a server group, ALB periodically checks the status of backend servers within the group.
---

# volcenginecc_alb_health_check_template (Resource)

Health checks are essential for ensuring application availability. ALB regularly performs health checks on backend servers to verify whether they can accept new requests. If a backend server fails to respond properly to ALB's health check requests, client traffic will not be routed to that server. ALB forwards traffic to other servers with a healthy status, ensuring service continuity and reliability. ALB health checks are performed based on server groups. Once health checks are enabled for a server group, ALB periodically checks the status of backend servers within the group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_alb_health_check_template" "ALBHealthCheckTemplateDemo" {
  description                = "asdfgh"
  health_check_domain        = "test.com"
  health_check_http_code     = "http_2xx,http_3xx"
  health_check_http_version  = "HTTP1.0"
  health_check_interval      = 2
  health_check_method        = "HEAD"
  health_check_port          = 0
  health_check_protocol      = "HTTP"
  health_check_template_name = "test-test-1001"
  health_check_timeout       = 2
  health_check_uri           = "/"
  healthy_threshold          = 3
  unhealthy_threshold        = 3
  project_name               = "default"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `health_check_template_name` (String) Name of the health check template. Cannot start with http:// or https://. Must start with a letter or Chinese character. Can contain numbers, periods (.), underscores (_), and hyphens (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the health check. Cannot start with http:// or https://. Must begin with a letter or Chinese character. May include numbers, English commas (,), periods (.), underscores (_), spaces ( ), equals signs (=), hyphens (-), Chinese commas (，), and Chinese periods (。). Length must be 1–255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string.
- `health_check_domain` (String) Domain name for the health check. This parameter is only effective when HealthCheckProtocol is set to HTTP. Requirements: Must contain at least one '.', and cannot start or end with '.'. The string can contain letters, numbers, '-', and '.' characters. '-' cannot appear at the beginning or end of the string. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. If not specified, this parameter is empty and the load balancer uses the private IP address of each backend server for health checks.
- `health_check_http_code` (String) HTTP status codes indicating a successful health check. Separate multiple codes with commas. This parameter is only effective when HealthCheckProtocol is set to HTTP. Options: http_2xx (default), http_3xx (default), http_4xx, http_5xx.
- `health_check_http_version` (String) HTTP protocol version for health checks. This parameter is effective only when HealthCheckProtocol is set to HTTP. Options: HTTP1.0 (default), HTTP1.1.
- `health_check_interval` (Number) Interval for performing health checks. Default is 2 seconds. Range: 1–300 seconds.
- `health_check_method` (String) Health check method. This parameter is effective only when HealthCheckProtocol is set to HTTP. Options: GETHEAD (default method)
- `health_check_port` (Number) Port for the health check. Options: 0: Use the backend server port for health checks. 1–65535: Use the specified port for health checks.
- `health_check_protocol` (String) Protocol for the health check. HTTP or TCP.
- `health_check_timeout` (Number) Response timeout for the health check. Default is 2 seconds. Range: 1–60 seconds.
- `health_check_uri` (String) Path for the health check. This parameter is only effective when HealthCheckProtocol is set to HTTP. Requirements: Must start with '/'. Can only contain letters, numbers, '-', '_', '/', '.', '%', '?', '#', '&', '=' characters. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. If not specified, defaults to '/'.
- `healthy_threshold` (Number) Health threshold for the health check. Default is 3. Range: 2–10 times.
- `project_name` (String) Project name to which the health check template belongs.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) List of tags associated with the health check template.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `unhealthy_threshold` (Number) Unhealthy threshold for health checks. Default is 3; range is 2–10 times.

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the health check template.
- `health_check_template_id` (String) Health check template ID.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `update_time` (String) Last operation time of the health check template.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key for user tags. Rules: Length must be 1–128 characters. Case-sensitive. Cannot start with any case combination of sys:. Cannot start or end with a space. May include characters from any language, numbers, spaces, underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and @. Tag keys for the same resource must be unique.
- `value` (String) Tag value for the user tag. If you specify this parameter, you must first specify Tags.N.Key. Rules: Length must be between 0 and 256 characters. Case-sensitive. Cannot start or end with a space. Supports characters from all languages, numbers, spaces, underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), minus signs (-), and @.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_alb_health_check_template.example "health_check_template_id"
```