---
page_title: "volcenginecc_alb_customized_cfg Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "ALB"
description: |-
  ALB provides personalized configuration functionality at the listener level. You can create and manage standard NGINX configuration policies in the console, associate configuration policies with listeners in one click on the listener details page, and complete personalized configurations to meet business requirements without submitting a ticket.
---

# volcenginecc_alb_customized_cfg (Resource)

ALB provides personalized configuration functionality at the listener level. You can create and manage standard NGINX configuration policies in the console, associate configuration policies with listeners in one click on the listener details page, and complete personalized configurations to meet business requirements without submitting a ticket.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_alb_customized_cfg" "ALBCustomizedCfgDemo" {
  customized_cfg_name    = "ccapi-test"
  description            = "testdesc"
  customized_cfg_content = "ssl_ciphers ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256;\r\nssl_protocols TLSv1.2 TLSv1.1 TLSv1;\r\nclient_max_body_size 60M;\r\nkeepalive_timeout 77s;\r\nproxy_connect_timeout 4s;\r\nproxy_request_buffering off;\r\nproxy_ignore_client_abort off;\r\nproxy_read_timeout 60s;\r\nproxy_send_timeout 60s;\r\nclient_header_timeout 60s;\r\nclient_body_timeout 60s;\r\nsend_timeout 60s;\r\nssl_verify_depth 3;\r\n"
  project_name           = "default"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `customized_cfg_content` (String) Content of the personalized configuration item. Specific rules: Length must not exceed 4096 characters. Spaces and semicolons must be escaped. Different configuration items are separated by ';
  '. Configuration items cannot be duplicated. Currently supported configuration items include ssl_protocols, ssl_ciphers, client_max_body_size, keepalive_timeout, proxy_request_buffering, proxy_connect_timeout, add_header, client_header_timeout, proxy_read_timeout, proxy_send_timeout, client_body_timeout, send_timeout, and ssl_verify_depth. For details, see the official documentation.
- `customized_cfg_name` (String) Name of the personalized configuration. Specific rules: Cannot start with http:// or https://. Must start with a letter or Chinese character. Can include numbers, periods (.), underscores (_), and hyphens (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the personalized configuration. Specific rules: Cannot start with http:// or https://. Must start with a letter or Chinese character. Can include numbers, English commas (,), periods (.), underscores (_), spaces ( ), equals signs (=), hyphens (-), Chinese commas (，), and Chinese periods (。). Length must be between 1 and 255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string.
- `project_name` (String) Project name to which the personalized configuration belongs.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (String) Creation time of the personalized configuration.
- `customized_cfg_id` (String) Personalized configuration ID.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `listeners` (Attributes Set) List of listeners associated with the personalized configuration.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--listeners))
- `status` (String) Status of the personalized configuration. Includes Active, Configuring, Creating, or Deleting.
- `updated_time` (String) Last operation time of the personalized configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) User tag key.
- `value` (String) User tag value.


<a id="nestedatt--listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listeners`

Read-Only:

- `listener_id` (String) Listener ID.
- `listener_name` (String) Listener name.
- `port` (Number) Listener port.
- `protocol` (String) Listener protocol.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_alb_customized_cfg.example "customized_cfg_id"
```