---
page_title: "volcenginecc_alb_listener Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "ALB"
description: |-
  Each ALB instance requires at least one listener to function properly. The listener receives client requests and distributes them to backend servers based on your configured forwarding rules and load balancing algorithm. You can create multiple listeners under a single ALB instance and configure different listening protocols for each listener to handle client requests using different protocols.
---

# volcenginecc_alb_listener (Resource)

Each ALB instance requires at least one listener to function properly. The listener receives client requests and distributes them to backend servers based on your configured forwarding rules and load balancing algorithm. You can create multiple listeners under a single ALB instance and configure different listening protocols for each listener to handle client requests using different protocols.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_alb_listener" "ALBListenerDemo" {
  load_balancer_id = "alb-bdazuxj87hts8dv40noxxxxx"
  listener_name    = "ALBListenerDemo"
  protocol         = "HTTPS"
  port             = 80
  enabled          = "on"
  server_group_id  = "rsp-1pff7rhpf5e68845wfah2xxxx"
  acl_status       = "on"
  acl_type         = "black"
  acl_ids = [
    "acl-xp8avgtjnmrk54ov5fyoxxxx"
  ]
  customized_cfg_id = "ccfg-xoblsk63beo054ov5el5xxxx"
  description       = "ALBListenerDemo description"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
  certificate_source         = "cert_center"
  cert_center_certificate_id = "cert-a126f867a19141618ff316a52a50xxxx"
  ca_certificate_source      = "pca_root"
  pca_root_ca_certificate_id = "pca_root_xxxxxx"
  enable_http_2              = "on"
  enable_quic                = "off"
  domain_extensions = [
    {
      cert_center_certificate_id = "cert-7718b7e7afa94e4db38ec9092cxxxxxx"
      certificate_source         = "cert_center"
      domain                     = ""
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `load_balancer_id` (String) Load balancer instance ID associated with the listener.
- `port` (Number) Listener port. Value range: 1   - 65535.
- `protocol` (String) Listener protocol. Supports HTTP and HTTPS protocols.
- `server_group_id` (String) Default server group for the listener.

### Optional

- `access_log_record_customized_headers_enabled` (String) Whether the listener has enabled 'Record custom header in access logs': on: enabled. off: not enabled.
- `acl_ids` (Set of String) Access control policy group ID bound to the listener. When the AclStatus parameter is set to on, AclIds is required.
- `acl_status` (String) Whether access control is enabled. Values: on: enabled. off: not enabled (default).
- `acl_type` (String) Access control mode. Available values: white: allowlist mode. The listener only forwards requests from IP addresses or address ranges specified in the selected access control policy group. If no IP addresses are added to the selected policy group, the listener will not forward any requests. black: denylist mode. The listener only rejects requests from IP addresses or address ranges specified in the selected access control policy group. If no IP addresses are added to the selected policy group, the listener will forward all requests. When the AclStatus parameter is set to on, AclType is a required parameter.
- `ca_certificate_id` (String) CA certificate ID associated with the HTTPS listener. This parameter is used for mutual authentication of the HTTPS listener. When the certificate source is alb, you must specify the CACertificateId parameter.
- `ca_certificate_source` (String) Source of the CA certificate associated with the HTTPS listener, used for mutual authentication. alb (default): Certificate uploaded via ALB. Standard ALB instances do not support certificates from this source. pca_root: Private root CA certificate purchased or uploaded via Volcano Engine Certificate Center. pca_sub: Private subordinate CA certificate purchased or uploaded via Volcano Engine Certificate Center.
- `cert_center_certificate_id` (String) Certificate ID associated with the HTTPS listener. Required when creating an HTTPS listener and the certificate source is cert_center.
- `certificate_id` (String) Certificate ID associated with the HTTPS listener. Required when creating an HTTPS listener and the certificate source is alb.
- `certificate_source` (String) Source of the default certificate associated with the HTTPS listener. Values: alb: certificate uploaded via ALB; cert_center: SSL certificate purchased or uploaded via Volcano Engine Certificate Center; pca_leaf: private leaf certificate purchased or uploaded via Volcano Engine Certificate Center.
- `customized_cfg_id` (String) Personalized configuration ID. If not bound, the value is an empty string.
- `description` (String) Listener description. Cannot start with http:// or https://. Must start with a letter or Chinese character. Can include numbers, commas (,), periods (.), underscores (_), spaces, equals signs (=), hyphens (-), Chinese commas (，), and Chinese periods (。). Length limit: 1 to 255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string.
- `domain_extensions` (Attributes Set) List of extension domains associated with the HTTPS listener. An HTTPS listener can be associated with up to 20 extension domains.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--domain_extensions))
- `enable_http_2` (String) HTTP 2.0 feature switch. This parameter is only valid for HTTPS listeners. Values: on: enabled; off: disabled (default).
- `enable_quic` (String) QUIC feature switch. This parameter is only valid for HTTPS listeners. Available values: on: enabled. off: disabled (default). Only Standard ALB instances support QUIC.
- `enabled` (String) Listener on/off status. Values: on: enabled (default); off: disabled.
- `listener_name` (String) Listener name. If not specified, it is named in the "protocol-port" format. Cannot start with http:// or https://. Must start with a letter or Chinese character. Can include numbers, periods (.), underscores (_), and hyphens (-). Length limit: 1-128 characters.
- `pca_leaf_certificate_id` (String) Private leaf certificate ID associated with the HTTPS listener. Required when creating an HTTPS listener and the certificate source is pca_leaf.
- `pca_root_ca_certificate_id` (String) CA certificate ID associated with the HTTPS listener. This parameter is used for mutual authentication of the HTTPS listener. When the certificate source is pca_root, you must specify the PcaRootCACertificateId parameter.
- `pca_sub_ca_certificate_id` (String) CA certificate ID associated with the HTTPS listener. This parameter is used for two-way authentication on HTTPS listeners. When the certificate source is pca_sub, you must specify the PcaSubCACertificateId parameter.
- `server_groups` (Attributes Set) All server groups associated with the listener.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server_groups))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags associated with the listener.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (String) Listener creation time.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `listener_id` (String) Listener ID.
- `project_name` (String) Project name to which the listener belongs.
- `status` (String) Listener status. Values: Creating: creating. Active: running. Pending: configuration changing. Disabled: stopped. Deleting: deleting.
- `updated_time` (String) The most recent operation time of the listener.

<a id="nestedatt--domain_extensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domain_extensions`

Optional:

- `cert_center_certificate_id` (String) Server certificate ID used by the domain name. Effective when the certificate source is cert_center.
- `certificate_id` (String) Server certificate ID used by the domain. Effective when the certificate source is alb.
- `certificate_source` (String) Source of the server certificate used by the domain. Values: alb: certificate uploaded via ALB. cert_center: SSL certificate purchased or uploaded via Volcano Engine Certificate Center.
- `domain` (String) Domain name. Usually cannot be empty. If the instance supports automatic selection of extension certificates (SniAutoMatch is on), Domain must be set to an empty string. Must contain at least one '.' and cannot start or end with '.'. Only lowercase letters, digits, '.', '-', and '*' are allowed. Length limit: 1–128 characters. Wildcard domain: use '*' to replace one or more characters. '*' must be at the beginning or end of the domain name. '*' cannot appear twice in the same domain name. No characters other than '.' can appear before or after '*'. Exact domain: an exact domain name that complies with domain name specifications. Domain names under the same HTTPS listener cannot be duplicated. Domain name matching is case-insensitive.
- `pca_leaf_certificate_id` (String) Private leaf certificate ID associated with the HTTPS listener. Required when creating an HTTPS listener and the certificate source is pca_leaf.
- `san` (String) If the instance supports automatic selection of extension certificates, that is, when SniAutoMatch is set to on, Domain is an empty string. San refers to the certificate's extension domain names, separated by commas.


<a id="nestedatt--server_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server_groups`

Optional:

- `server_group_id` (String) Server group ID.
- `server_group_name` (String) Server group name.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) User tag key. Rules: Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. Case sensitive. Cannot start with any case combination of volc:. Cannot start or end with a space. Allowed characters include all languages, numbers, spaces, parentheses (), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), minus signs (-), and @. Tag keys for the same resource cannot be duplicated.
- `value` (String) User tag value. Rules: Length must be between 0 and 256 characters. Case sensitive. Cannot start or end with a space. Allowed characters include all languages, numbers, spaces, parentheses (), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), minus signs (-), and @.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_alb_listener.example "listener_id"
```