---
page_title: "volcenginecc_autoscaling_scaling_group Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "AutoScaling"
description: |-
  Scaling groups are used to manage a set of cloud resource instances. You can use scaling groups to define the number/capacity of instances in the resource pool, cooldown time, load balancing, and other information.
---

# volcenginecc_autoscaling_scaling_group (Resource)

Scaling groups are used to manage a set of cloud resource instances. You can use scaling groups to define the number/capacity of instances in the resource pool, cooldown time, load balancing, and other information.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_autoscaling_scaling_group" "AutoScalingScalingGroupDemo" {
  health_check_type = "ECS"
  scaling_mode      = "release"
  instances_distribution = {
    compensate_with_on_demand                = true
    on_demand_base_capacity                  = 0
    on_demand_percentage_above_base_capacity = 50
    spot_instance_remedy                     = true
  }
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
  launch_template_overrides = [
    {
      instance_type = "ecs.g4il.large"
    price_limit = 0 }
  ]
  launch_template_id = "lt-ye9dsl3ucffig992xxxxfncd"
  project_name       = "default"
  server_group_attributes = [
    {
      port            = 8080
      server_group_id = "rsp-13g2ktevofhfk3n6nxxxu4mqjq0o"
      type            = "CLB"
    weight = 50 },
    {
      port            = 8080
      server_group_id = "rsp-bde4j3yuu8008dv4xxxx0nkn203g"
      type            = "ALB"
    weight = 50 }
  ]
  launch_template_version   = "Default"
  subnet_ids                = ["subnet-3nrd6qaq3log0931ecxxxh3re2r"]
  default_cooldown          = 300
  desire_instance_number    = -1
  instance_terminate_policy = "OldestScalingConfigurationWithOldestInstance"
  max_instance_number       = 6
  min_instance_number       = 1
  multi_az_policy           = "PRIORITY"
  scaling_group_name        = "AutoScalingScalingGroupDemo"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `max_instance_number` (Number) Maximum number of instances in the scaling group. Default value: 0 ~ 100. You can adjust this in the Quota Center.
- `min_instance_number` (Number) Minimum number of instances in the scaling group. Default value: 0–100. You can adjust this in the quota center.
- `scaling_group_name` (String) Scaling group name, unique within the same region. Must start with a Chinese character or letter, and can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, underscores, and hyphens. Length limit: 1 ~ 128 characters. Special characters are not supported.
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) List of subnet IDs for the primary network interface of instances in the scaling group

### Optional

- `active_scaling_configuration_id` (String) ID of the scaling configuration bound to the scaling group
- `default_cooldown` (Number) Cooldown period after a scaling activity (adding or removing ECS instances) completes. During the cooldown period, the scaling group does not perform other scaling activities; only scaling activities triggered by Cloud Monitoring alarms and scaling rules are effective. Value range: 5 ~ 86400 seconds. Default value: 300.
- `desire_instance_number` (Number) Expected number of running instances in the scaling group. 1. Must be no less than MinInstanceNumber and no greater than MaxInstanceNumber. 2. Default value: -1, which means the expected instance count feature is disabled. In this case, after the scaling group is created, scaling activities will automatically add the corresponding number of instances.
- `health_check_type` (String) Health check mode for the scaling group. 1. NONE: No instance health check. 2. ECS (default): Performs health checks on ECS instances in the scaling group.
- `instance_remove_policies` (Attributes List) Instance removal policy
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_remove_policies))
- `instance_terminate_policy` (String) Instance removal policies: 1. OldestInstance: Removes the earliest instance added to the scaling group (including both automatically created and manually added instances). 2. NewestInstance: Removes the latest instance added to the scaling group (including both automatically created and manually added instances). 3. OldestScalingConfigurationWithOldestInstance (default): Removes the earliest automatically created instance in the scaling configuration that was first associated with the scaling group. 4. OldestScalingConfigurationWithNewestInstance: Removes the latest automatically created instance in the scaling configuration that was first associated with the scaling group.
- `instances` (Attributes List) Collection of instance subresources managed manually within the scaling group (Attach / Detach / Remove)
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instances))
- `instances_distribution` (Attributes) Instance distribution policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instances_distribution))
- `is_enable_scaling_group` (Boolean) Whether to enable the scaling group. true: enabled. false: stopped
- `launch_template_id` (String) Instance launch template ID. When configured, it indicates that the launch template is used as the source for the scaling configuration.
- `launch_template_overrides` (Attributes Set) Instance launch template information
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--launch_template_overrides))
- `launch_template_version` (String) Instance launch template version. 1. A specific template version number. 2. Default: always use the default template version. 3. Latest: always use the latest template version.
- `multi_az_policy` (String) Scaling strategy. If you select multiple subnets, you must configure this parameter. 1. PRIORITY (default): priority strategy. 2. BALANCE: balanced distribution strategy.
- `project_name` (String) Project to which the scaling group belongs. Default is 'default'. A resource can belong to only one project. Only letters, numbers, underscores '_', dots '.', and hyphens '-' are allowed. Maximum length: 64 characters.
- `scaling_mode` (String) Instance recycling mode for the scaling group. 1. release (default): Release mode. 2. recycle: Stop-and-recycle mode.
- `server_group_attributes` (Attributes Set) Load balancer information associated with the scaling group.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server_group_attributes))
- `suspended_processes` (Set of String) Paused processes. If there are no paused processes, returns an empty value. ScaleIn: scale-in process. ScaleOut: scale-out process. HealthCheck: health check. AlarmNotification: alarm task. ScheduledAction: scheduled task.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (String) Scaling group creation time
- `db_instance_ids` (Set of String) ID of the RDS database instance.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `lifecycle_state` (String) Status of the scaling group. Active: enabled. InActive: not activated. Deleting: deleting. Locked: locked. CoolingDown: cooling down. Unknown: unknown status.
- `load_balancer_health_check_grace_period` (Number) Grace period for CLB health checks on scaling group instances
- `scaling_group_id` (String) Scaling group ID.
- `stopped_instance_count` (Number) Number of instances in the scaling group that are in the disabled state.
- `total_instance_count` (Number) Number of instances currently in the scaling group
- `updated_time` (String) Scaling group update time.
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID to which the scaling group belongs

<a id="nestedatt--instance_remove_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_remove_policies`

Optional:

- `decrease_desired_capacity` (Boolean) Whether to decrease the desired instance count synchronously when DetachInstances or RemoveInstances is performed
- `detach_option` (String) Instance removal policy for DetachInstances
- `force_delete` (Boolean) Whether to force delete the instance when RemoveInstances is performed
- `instance_id` (String) ECS instance ID, unique identifier of the subresource
- `lifecycle_hook` (Boolean) Whether to trigger lifecycle hooks when the instance is attached, detached, or removed
- `mode` (String) Mode: How to handle an instance when it is removed from the scaling group: Detach means only remove from the scaling group, Remove means remove and delete the instance
- `remove_mode` (String) Removal mode for RemoveInstances


<a id="nestedatt--instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances`

Optional:

- `entrusted` (Boolean) Whether to enable managed mode for the instance when AttachInstances is performed
- `instance_id` (String) ECS instance ID, unique identifier of the subresource
- `lifecycle_hook` (Boolean) Whether to trigger lifecycle hooks when the instance is attached, detached, or removed

Read-Only:

- `created_time` (String) Time when the instance joined the scaling group
- `creation_type` (String) How the instance joined the scaling group (Attached / AutoCreated)
- `launch_template_id` (String) Launch template ID used by the instance
- `launch_template_version` (String) Launch template version used by the instance
- `scaling_configuration_id` (String) Scaling configuration ID associated with the instance
- `scaling_policy_id` (String) Scaling policy ID associated with the instance
- `status` (String) Current status of the instance in the scaling group
- `zone_id` (String) Availability zone of the instance


<a id="nestedatt--instances_distribution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances_distribution`

Optional:

- `compensate_with_on_demand` (Boolean) Whether pay-as-you-go instances are allowed to supplement spot capacity if spot instances cannot be created due to price or inventory constraints. true: allowed. false (default): not allowed.
- `on_demand_base_capacity` (Number) Minimum number of pay-as-you-go instances in the scaling group. Value range: 0~2000. If the number of pay-as-you-go instances in the group is less than this value, pay-as-you-go instances will be prioritized for creation.
- `on_demand_percentage_above_base_capacity` (Number) After the scaling group meets the minimum number of pay-as-you-go instances, the proportion of pay-as-you-go instances among the excess instances. Value range: 0–100.
- `spot_instance_remedy` (Boolean) Whether to allow preemptible instance replacement upon expiration. If enabled, the scaling group will proactively create a new preemptible instance to replace the current one about 5 minutes before the preemptible instance is reclaimed. true: allowed. false (default): not allowed.


<a id="nestedatt--launch_template_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `launch_template_overrides`

Optional:

- `instance_type` (String) Specify the instance type. This parameter is valid only when the LaunchTemplateId parameter is set.
- `price_limit` (Number) Specify the maximum hourly price for spot instance types. This parameter is valid only when the LaunchTemplateId parameter is set and the launch template's billing mode is SpotWithPriceLimit.


<a id="nestedatt--server_group_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server_group_attributes`

Optional:

- `port` (Number) Port number of the server in the backend server group for load balancing. Range: 1–65535.
- `server_group_id` (String) Backend server group ID for load balancing.
- `type` (String) Load balancing server group type. A single CLB/ALB supports up to 20 backend server groups, and the total number of backend servers supported by all CLB/ALB is 100. ALB: Application Load Balancer. CLB: Classic Load Balancer (default).
- `weight` (Number) Weight of servers in the backend server group of the load balancer


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) User label tag key
- `value` (String) The value of the user tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_autoscaling_scaling_group.example "scaling_group_id"
```