---
page_title: "volcenginecc_autoscaling_scaling_policy Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "AutoScaling"
description: |-
  Scaling rules define the conditions and methods for triggering scaling actions, including rule type, trigger time, scaling action, cooldown time. You can enable multiple scaling rules within the same scaling group. Scaling actions are executed when any rule type is met. If multiple rule types are met at the same time, manual scaling actions take priority.
---

# volcenginecc_autoscaling_scaling_policy (Resource)

Scaling rules define the conditions and methods for triggering scaling actions, including rule type, trigger time, scaling action, cooldown time. You can enable multiple scaling rules within the same scaling group. Scaling actions are executed when any rule type is met. If multiple rule types are met at the same time, manual scaling actions take priority.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_autoscaling_scaling_policy" "AutoScalingScalingPolicyDemo" {
  scaling_group_id    = "scg-ye9vu9ztco9ht5lxxxxx"
  scaling_policy_name = "AutoScalingScalingPolicyDemo"
  scaling_policy_type = "Scheduled"
  adjustment_type     = "PercentChangeInCapacity"
  adjustment_value    = 1
  cooldown            = 86400
  scheduled_policy = {
    launch_time         = "2025-12-21T11:58Z"
    recurrence_end_time = ""
    recurrence_type     = ""
    recurrence_value    = ""
  }
  is_enabled_policy = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `scaling_group_id` (String) Scaling group ID.
- `scaling_policy_name` (String) Name of the scaling rule.
- `scaling_policy_type` (String) Type of scaling rule. Options: Scheduled: scheduled task. Recurrence: recurring task. Alarm: alarm task.

### Optional

- `adjustment_type` (String) Scaling actions for the scaling rule, applicable to simple and step rules. QuantityChangeInCapacity: increase or decrease a specified number of instances. PercentChangeInCapacity: increase or decrease a specified percentage of instances. TotalCapacity: adjust the number of instances in the current scaling group to the specified value.
- `adjustment_value` (Number) Adjustment value for scaling actions, applicable to simple and step rules. When AdjustmentType is set to QuantityChangeInCapacity: -100 to 100, cannot be 0, unit: instances. When AdjustmentType is set to PercentChangeInCapacity: -100 to 10000, cannot be 0, unit: %. When AdjustmentType is set to TotalCapacity: defaults to 0 to 100, unit: instances.
- `alarm_policy` (Attributes) Detailed information about the alarm task. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarm_policy))
- `cooldown` (Number) Cooldown time for scaling rules. Value: 0–86400, unit: seconds. If not specified, the scaling group's cooldown time is used by default.
- `is_enabled_policy` (Boolean) Status of the scaling rule. Options: true: enabled. false: disabled. The scaling group must be in Active status.
- `scheduled_policy` (Attributes) Detailed information for scheduled/recurring tasks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scheduled_policy))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `scaling_policy_id` (String) Scaling rule ID.
- `status` (String) Status of the scaling rule. Options: Active: enabled. Inactive: disabled. The scaling group must be in Active status.

<a id="nestedatt--alarm_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarm_policy`

Optional:

- `condition` (Attributes) Detailed monitoring metric information for single-metric monitoring. Valid only when ScalingPolicyType is set to Alarm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarm_policy--condition))
- `condition_operator` (String) Determination conditions for multi-metric alarms. &&: Alarm is triggered only when all metrics meet the conditions. || (default): Alarm is triggered when any metric meets the condition.
- `conditions` (Attributes Set) Detailed information about monitoring metrics for multi-metric monitoring. Valid only when ScalingPolicyType is set to Alarm. You must configure either AlarmPolicy.Condition.x or AlarmPolicy.Conditions.x parameters. If both are configured, only AlarmPolicy.Conditions.x takes effect.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarm_policy--conditions))
- `effective` (String) The effective period for the alarm task.
- `evaluation_count` (Number) Scaling actions are triggered when monitoring metric data reaches the threshold for several consecutive times. Valid only when ScalingPolicyType is set to Alarm and required.
- `rule_type` (String) Type of alarm task. Options: Static: static monitoring collected by agent. Valid only when ScalingPolicyType is set to Alarm and required.

<a id="nestedatt--alarm_policy--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarm_policy.condition`

Optional:

- `comparison_operator` (String) Rule expression object for metric alarms. >: Greater than. <: Less than. =: Equal to.
- `metric_name` (String) Monitoring metric names for metric alarms. CpuTotal_Max: Maximum in-band CPU usage. CpuTotal_Min: Minimum in-band CPU usage. CpuTotal_Avg: Average in-band CPU usage. MemoryUsedUtilization_Max: Maximum in-band memory usage. MemoryUsedUtilization_Min: Minimum in-band memory usage. MemoryUsedUtilization_Avg: Average in-band memory usage. Instance_CpuBusy_Max: Maximum out-of-band CPU utilization. Instance_CpuBusy_Min: Minimum out-of-band CPU utilization. Instance_CpuBusy_Avg: Average out-of-band CPU utilization. Instance_NetTxBits_Avg: Average out-of-band network outbound rate. Instance_NetRxBits_Avg: Average out-of-band network inbound rate. Instance_NetTxPackets_Avg: Average out-of-band network packet send rate. Instance_NetRxPackets_Avg: Average out-of-band network packet receive rate. SystemDiskReadBytes_Avg: Average in-band system disk read bandwidth. SystemDiskWriteBytes_Avg: Average in-band system disk write bandwidth. SystemDiskReadIOPS_Avg: Average in-band system disk read IOPS. SystemDiskWriteIOPS_Avg: Average in-band system disk write IOPS. NetTcpConnection_Avg: Average in-band TCP connection count.
- `metric_unit` (String) The unit for the monitoring metric threshold when an alarm is triggered. When the AlarmPolicy.Conditions.MetricName parameter is set to CPU/memory usage: Percent. When the AlarmPolicy.Conditions.MetricName parameter is set to system disk read/write bandwidth: Bytes/Second(IEC). When the AlarmPolicy.Conditions.MetricName parameter is set to system disk read/write IOPS: Count/Second. When the AlarmPolicy.Conditions.MetricName parameter is set to TCP connections: Count. When the AlarmPolicy.Condition.MetricName parameter is set to network inbound/outbound rate: Bits/Second(IEC). When the AlarmPolicy.Condition.MetricName parameter is set to network packet transmission rate: Packet/Second.
- `threshold` (String) The threshold value for the monitoring metric when an alarm is triggered. When AlarmPolicy.Conditions.MetricUnit is set to Percent: 1–100. When AlarmPolicy.Conditions.MetricUnit is set to Bytes/Second(IEC): an integer greater than 0. When AlarmPolicy.Conditions.MetricUnit is set to Count/Second: an integer greater than 0. When AlarmPolicy.Conditions.MetricUnit is set to Count: an integer greater than 0. When AlarmPolicy.Condition.MetricUnit is set to Bits/Second(IEC): an integer greater than 0. When AlarmPolicy.Condition.MetricUnit is set to Packet/Second: an integer greater than 0.


<a id="nestedatt--alarm_policy--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarm_policy.conditions`

Optional:

- `comparison_operator` (String) Rule expression object for metric alarms. >: Greater than. <: Less than. =: Equal to.
- `metric_name` (String) Monitoring metric names for metric alarms. CpuTotal_Max: Maximum in-band CPU usage. CpuTotal_Min: Minimum in-band CPU usage. CpuTotal_Avg: Average in-band CPU usage. MemoryUsedUtilization_Max: Maximum in-band memory usage. MemoryUsedUtilization_Min: Minimum in-band memory usage. MemoryUsedUtilization_Avg: Average in-band memory usage. Instance_CpuBusy_Max: Maximum out-of-band CPU utilization. Instance_CpuBusy_Min: Minimum out-of-band CPU utilization. Instance_CpuBusy_Avg: Average out-of-band CPU utilization. Instance_NetTxBits_Avg: Average out-of-band network outbound rate. Instance_NetRxBits_Avg: Average out-of-band network inbound rate. Instance_NetTxPackets_Avg: Average out-of-band network packet send rate. Instance_NetRxPackets_Avg: Average out-of-band network packet receive rate. SystemDiskReadBytes_Avg: Average in-band system disk read bandwidth. SystemDiskWriteBytes_Avg: Average in-band system disk write bandwidth. SystemDiskReadIOPS_Avg: Average in-band system disk read IOPS. SystemDiskWriteIOPS_Avg: Average in-band system disk write IOPS. NetTcpConnection_Avg: Average in-band TCP connection count.
- `metric_unit` (String) The unit for the monitoring metric threshold when an alarm is triggered. When the AlarmPolicy.Conditions.MetricName parameter is set to CPU/memory usage: Percent. When the AlarmPolicy.Conditions.MetricName parameter is set to system disk read/write bandwidth: Bytes/Second(IEC). When the AlarmPolicy.Conditions.MetricName parameter is set to system disk read/write IOPS: Count/Second. When the AlarmPolicy.Conditions.MetricName parameter is set to TCP connections: Count. When the AlarmPolicy.Condition.MetricName parameter is set to network inbound/outbound rate: Bits/Second(IEC). When the AlarmPolicy.Condition.MetricName parameter is set to network packet transmission rate: Packet/Second.
- `threshold` (String) The threshold value for the monitoring metric when an alarm is triggered. When AlarmPolicy.Conditions.MetricUnit is set to Percent: 1–100. When AlarmPolicy.Conditions.MetricUnit is set to Bytes/Second(IEC): an integer greater than 0. When AlarmPolicy.Conditions.MetricUnit is set to Count/Second: an integer greater than 0. When AlarmPolicy.Conditions.MetricUnit is set to Count: an integer greater than 0. When AlarmPolicy.Condition.MetricUnit is set to Bits/Second(IEC): an integer greater than 0. When AlarmPolicy.Condition.MetricUnit is set to Packet/Second: an integer greater than 0.



<a id="nestedatt--scheduled_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduled_policy`

Optional:

- `launch_time` (String) Indicates the trigger time for the task. The default is the current time. When ScalingPolicyType is set to Scheduled, this specifies the trigger time for the scheduled task. When ScalingPolicyType is set to Recurrence: If ScheduledPolicy.RecurrenceType is empty, the task is executed only once at the specified date and time. If ScheduledPolicy.RecurrenceType is not empty, this specifies the start time for the recurring task.
- `recurrence_end_time` (String) Indicates the end time for the recurring task. Only supports selecting a time within 365 days from the creation date. If not configured, defaults to one day/week/month after the current time based on the recurrence cycle (ScheduledPolicy.RecurrenceType). If set to empty, the task never stops. Valid only when ScalingPolicyType is set to Recurrence and required.
- `recurrence_type` (String) Indicates the recurrence cycle for scheduled tasks. Values: Daily: Executes once every XX days. Weekly: Select specific days of the week, executes once per day. Monthly: Select XX to XX days of the month, executes once per day. Cron: Executes according to the specified Cron expression. Required and valid only when ScalingPolicyType is set to Recurrence.
- `recurrence_value` (String) Specifies the value for recurring tasks. When the ScheduledPolicy.RecurrenceType parameter is set to Daily, only one value can be entered: 1–31. When the ScheduledPolicy.RecurrenceType parameter is set to Weekly, multiple values can be entered, separated by commas (,). Values for Monday to Sunday are: 1 (Monday), 2 (Tuesday), 3 (Wednesday), 4 (Thursday), 5 (Friday), 6 (Saturday), 7 (Sunday). When the ScheduledPolicy.RecurrenceType parameter is set to Monthly, the format is A-B. Both A and B range from 1–31, and B must be greater than or equal to A. When the ScheduledPolicy.RecurrenceType parameter is set to Cron, it uses UTC+8 time and supports a five-field expression for minute, hour, day, month, and week. Wildcards supported include comma (,), question mark (?), hyphen (-), asterisk (*), hash (#), slash (/), L, and W. This field is valid and required when ScalingPolicyType is set to Recurrence.

Read-Only:

- `launch_time_read` (String) Indicates the task trigger time. This is a read-only field; use LaunchTime to modify or create.
- `recurrence_end_time_read` (String) Indicates the end time for the recurring task. Read-only field; use RecurrenceEndTime for modification or creation.
- `recurrence_start_time` (String) Indicates the start time for the recurring task. Valid only when ScalingPolicyType is set to Recurrence.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_autoscaling_scaling_policy.example "scaling_group_id|scaling_policy_id"
```