---
page_title: "volcenginecc_autoscaling_scaling_lifecycle_hook Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "AutoScaling"
description: |-
  After the scaling group triggers scaling rules, health checks, and instance count checks, the lifecycle hook can suspend instances that are in the 'joining', 'removing', or 'disabling' state, putting them into the joining/removing suspended state. The instances are now in a waiting state, and you can perform custom operations during this period until the lifecycle hook times out or you manually end the suspension.
---

# volcenginecc_autoscaling_scaling_lifecycle_hook (Resource)

After the scaling group triggers scaling rules, health checks, and instance count checks, the lifecycle hook can suspend instances that are in the 'joining', 'removing', or 'disabling' state, putting them into the joining/removing suspended state. The instances are now in a waiting state, and you can perform custom operations during this period until the lifecycle hook times out or you manually end the suspension.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_autoscaling_scaling_lifecycle_hook" "ScalingLifecycleHookDemo" {
  scaling_group_id       = "scg-yexxxxxxv6yn56hnvlm"
  lifecycle_hook_name    = "ccapi-dx-1"
  lifecycle_hook_type    = "SCALE_IN"
  lifecycle_hook_timeout = 1800
  lifecycle_hook_policy  = "CONTINUE"
  lifecycle_command = {
    command_id = "cmd-ybv3xxxxxxx51qxnx"
    parameters = "{\"KEY_PAIR_ID\":\"1024\",\"KEY_PAIR_TIMEOUT\":\"360\"}"
  }

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `lifecycle_hook_name` (String) Lifecycle hook name, cannot be modified after creation. Values: Cannot start with a digit, hyphen, or underscore. Can only contain Chinese characters, letters, digits, underscores, and hyphens. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters.
- `lifecycle_hook_policy` (String) Policy executed after the instance suspension ends. Values: CONTINUE: Continue execution. REJECT: Abort subsequent actions. ROLLBACK: For elastic scale-in activities, the release of ECS instances is rejected and rollback is performed; for elastic scale-out activities, the effect is the same as REJECT.
- `lifecycle_hook_timeout` (Number) Duration for which the ECS instance remains suspended. After timeout, the suspended state ends automatically and scaling actions continue according to the execution policy. Please evaluate the processing time for custom operations and set an appropriate timeout. Values: 30 to 21600 (6 hours), unit: s, must be an integer.
- `lifecycle_hook_type` (String) Type of scaling activity. When a specified type of scaling activity occurs, the lifecycle hook is triggered and the ECS instance is suspended. Values: SCALE_IN: Elastic scale-in activity. SCALE_OUT: Elastic scale-out activity.
- `scaling_group_id` (String) Scaling group ID.

### Optional

- `lifecycle_command` (Attributes) Cloud Assistant command information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lifecycle_command))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `lifecycle_hook_id` (String) Lifecycle hook ID.

<a id="nestedatt--lifecycle_command"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifecycle_command`

Optional:

- `command_id` (String) Cloud Assistant command ID, indicates that after the lifecycle hook is triggered, the Cloud Assistant command is executed on the instance. If the command executes successfully, the post-suspend policy is executed according to CONTINUE. If the command fails, times out, or the lifecycle hook times out, the post-suspend policy is executed according to the LifecycleHookPolicy parameter configuration.
- `parameters` (String) Parameters and values in the Cloud Assistant command. The number of parameters ranges from 0 to 60. Note: Parameters cannot be empty strings and can have up to 64 characters. Values can be empty strings. After Base64 encoding, the combined length of parameters and the original command content must not exceed 16 KB. The set of parameter names must be a subset of the parameter set defined when creating the command. Default values are used for parameters not provided.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_autoscaling_scaling_lifecycle_hook.example "scaling_group_id|lifecycle_hook_id"
```
