---
page_title: "volcenginecc_bmq_group Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "BMQ"
description: |-
  A group of consumers with the same Group ID. When multiple consumers in the same Group consume a Topic, each message is delivered to only one consumer, enabling load balancing. Using Groups ensures that messages in a Topic are consumed in parallel.
---

# volcenginecc_bmq_group (Resource)

A group of consumers with the same Group ID. When multiple consumers in the same Group consume a Topic, each message is delivered to only one consumer, enabling load balancing. Using Groups ensures that messages in a Topic are consumed in parallel.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_bmq_group" "BMQGroupDemo" {
  description = "this is test group"
  group_name  = "cBMQGroupDemo"
  instance_id = "bmq-4ld4vpjzd32tq1gxxxxx"
  reset_info = {
    topic_id     = "5f81fcab96cb46c7955659fdxxxxx"
    reset_by     = "OFFSET"
    offset_type  = "LATEST"
    reset_value  = 4
    partition_id = 1
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `description` (String) Consumer Group description
- `group_name` (String) Set a custom Consumer Group name. Constraints: Only lowercase English letters, numbers, underscores, and hyphens (-) are allowed. Length must be 3–64 characters.
- `instance_id` (String) BMQ instance ID
- `reset_info` (Attributes) Reset consumption offset information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--reset_info))

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (String) Consumer Group creation time
- `group_id` (String) Consumer Group ID
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `owner_id` (String) User ID of the Consumer Group owner
- `owner_name` (String) Name of the Consumer Group owner
- `status` (String) Consumer Group status
- `topic_infos` (Attributes Set) Topic list
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--topic_infos))

<a id="nestedatt--reset_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reset_info`

Optional:

- `offset_type` (String) If the reset mode is OFFSET, this parameter is required. Specify the reference consumption position for resuming consumption. Options: EARLIEST: Reference position is the earliest offset. CURRENT: Reference position is the current offset. LATEST: Reference position is the latest offset.
- `partition_id` (Number) Partition number
- `reset_by` (String) Reset mode. Options: TIMESTAMP: Reset the consumption offset based on a timestamp. Specify a past or future time to jump directly to the offset at that time and start consuming. OFFSET: Reset the consumption offset based on a specified offset, starting consumption from that offset. You can specify the offset using the offsetType parameter.
- `reset_value` (Number) Reset value. If TIMESTAMP is selected, this value is the timestamp for resuming consumption, e.g., 1722224612000. If OFFSET is selected, this value is the relative offset from the reference offset in OffsetType, e.g., 100.
- `topic_id` (String) Topic ID。


<a id="nestedatt--topic_infos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `topic_infos`

Read-Only:

- `create_time` (String) Topic creation time
- `description` (String) Topic description
- `lag` (Number) Number of unconsumed messages in the Topic
- `partition_infos` (Attributes Set) Partition list
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--topic_infos--partition_infos))
- `partitions` (Number) Number of Topic partitions
- `retention` (Number) Retention period of data in the Topic, in hours
- `status` (String) Topic status
- `topic_id` (String) Topic ID。
- `topic_name` (String) Topic name

<a id="nestedatt--topic_infos--partition_infos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `topic_infos.partition_infos`

Read-Only:

- `current_offset` (Number) Current consumption offset
- `group_name` (String) Consumer Group name
- `lag` (Number) Number of unconsumed messages in the partition
- `latest_offset` (Number) Latest consumption offset
- `partition_id` (Number) Partition number
- `topic_name` (String) Name of the Topic subscribed by the Consumer Group

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_bmq_group.example "group_id"
```