---
page_title: "volcenginecc_cen_bandwidth_package Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CEN"
description: |-
  Provides cross-region communication bandwidth for Cloud Enterprise Network instances. You can allocate bandwidth to different inter-region connections. By creating a bandwidth package and assigning inter-region bandwidth, you enable connectivity between network instances in different regions.
---

# volcenginecc_cen_bandwidth_package (Resource)

Provides cross-region communication bandwidth for Cloud Enterprise Network instances. You can allocate bandwidth to different inter-region connections. By creating a bandwidth package and assigning inter-region bandwidth, you enable connectivity between network instances in different regions.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_cen_bandwidth_package" "CENBandwidthPackageDemo" {
  bandwidth                  = 3
  billing_type               = 4
  cen_bandwidth_package_name = "ccapi-test"
  cen_ids = [
    "cen-2v73nw1h8a03k6x7exxxxx"
  ]
  description                    = "this is a cen test"
  local_geographic_region_set_id = "China"
  peer_geographic_region_set_id  = "China"
  project_name                   = "default"
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "env"
      value = "test"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `local_geographic_region_set_id` (String) Local geographic region ID for Cloud Enterprise Network communication. Available values: China: Chinese mainland. Asia: Asia-Pacific.
- `peer_geographic_region_set_id` (String) Peer geographic region ID for Cloud Enterprise Network interconnection. Valid values: China: Chinese mainland. Asia: Asia-Pacific.

### Optional

- `bandwidth` (Number) Bandwidth peak of the bandwidth package. Value range: 2–10000 Mbps. Default: 2 Mbps.
- `billing_type` (Number) Billing method of the bandwidth package. Valid values: 1 (default): yearly/monthly subscription. 4: pay-as-you-go—95th percentile billing.
- `cen_bandwidth_package_name` (String) Name of the bandwidth package. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. If not specified, defaults to the bandwidth package ID.
- `cen_ids` (Set of String) List of associated CEN instance IDs.
- `description` (String) Description of the bandwidth package. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length limit: 0–255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string.
- `line_operator` (String) Carrier for cross-border bandwidth package lines. If LocalGeographicRegionSetId and PeerGeographicRegionSetId are the same, this parameter is not supported. If LocalGeographicRegionSetId and PeerGeographicRegionSetId are different, available values are: ChinaUnicom (default): China Unicom.
- `period` (Number) Purchase duration of the bandwidth package. Default is 1. Valid values: If PeriodUnit is Month, range is 1–9, 12, 24, and 36. If PeriodUnit is Year, range is 1–3.
- `period_unit` (String) Billing cycle of the bandwidth package. Valid values: Month (default): month. Year: year.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the bandwidth package belongs. If not specified, defaults to 'default'.
- `remain_renew_times` (Number) Number of automatic renewals. Values include -1 and 1–100. Default is -1, which means unlimited automatic renewals.
- `renew_period` (Number) Duration of each automatic renewal, in months. Valid values: 1–3, 6, and 12. Default is 1.
- `renew_type` (String) Renewal type of the bandwidth package instance. Manual: Manual renewal. Auto: Automatic renewal. NoRenew: No renewal.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `billing_status` (Number) Billing status of the bandwidth package instance. 0: Creating 1: Running 3: Unsubscribed 4: Expired and stopped 5: Expired and recycled 8: Unsubscribed and stopped
- `business_status` (String) Frozen status of the bandwidth package. Normal: normal. FinancialLocked: frozen.
- `cen_bandwidth_package_id` (String) Bandwidth package ID.
- `creation_time` (String) Creation time of the bandwidth package.
- `deleted_time` (String) Deletion time of the bandwidth package.
- `expired_time` (String) Expiration time of the bandwidth package.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `reclaim_time` (String) Recycle time after the bandwidth package instance expires.
- `remaining_bandwidth` (Number) Remaining bandwidth, measured in Mbps.
- `status` (String) Status of the bandwidth package. Creating: Being created. Deleting: Being deleted. Pending: In progress. Available: Unbound. InUse: Bound.
- `update_time` (String) Update time of the bandwidth package.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key for user tags. Parameter   - N: indicates the tag key index, value range: 1–20. Use & to separate multiple tag keys. Cannot start with sys:, in any case. Length range: 1–128 characters. Supports all languages, numbers, spaces ( ), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals (=), plus (+), hyphens (-), and @ (@). If a tag key starts or ends with a space, the system automatically removes it.
- `value` (String) Tag value for user tags. Parameter   - N indicates the tag value index, range: 1–20. Use & to separate multiple tag values. Length range: 0–256 characters. If not specified, defaults to empty. Supports all languages, numbers, spaces ( ), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and @ (@). Case-sensitive. If the tag value starts or ends with a space, the system automatically removes it.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_cen_bandwidth_package.example "cen_bandwidth_package_id"
```
