---
page_title: "volcenginecc_cen_cen Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CEN"
description: |-
  Cloud Enterprise Network (CEN) provides fast, high-quality, and stable networking capabilities to quickly build private networks (VPC) across regions and between on-premises data centers (IDC), helping you create a global cloud network with enterprise-scale and communication capabilities
---

# volcenginecc_cen_cen (Resource)

Cloud Enterprise Network (CEN) provides fast, high-quality, and stable networking capabilities to quickly build private networks (VPC) across regions and between on-premises data centers (IDC), helping you create a global cloud network with enterprise-scale and communication capabilities

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_cen_cen" "CENCENDemo" {
  cen_name     = "CENCENDemo"
  description  = "CENCENDemo descripiton"
  project_name = "iac"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "dev"
    value = "test" }
  ]
  instances = [
    {
      instance_id        = "vpc-3psq16gaiw4qo6csxyv***",
      instance_owner_id  = "21074****",
      instance_region_id = "cn-beijing",
      instance_type      = "VPC"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cen_name` (String) Name of the CEN instance. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length limit: 1–128 characters. If not specified, defaults to the CEN instance ID
- `description` (String) Description for the CEN instance. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length limit: 0–255 characters. If not specified, defaults to empty
- `instances` (Attributes Set) List of associated network instances
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instances))
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the CEN instance belongs. If not specified, defaults to 'default'
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Account ID to which the CEN instance belongs
- `cen_bandwidth_package_ids` (Set of String) Bandwidth package ID
- `cen_id` (String) CEN instance ID
- `creation_time` (String) Time when the CEN instance was created
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) Status of the CEN instance. Creating: Creating Deleting: Deleting Pending: Configuring Available: Available
- `update_time` (String) Time when the CEN instance was updated

<a id="nestedatt--instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances`

Optional:

- `instance_id` (String) Network instance ID
- `instance_owner_id` (String) Account ID for the network instance
- `instance_region_id` (String) Region where the network instance is located
- `instance_type` (String) Type of the network instance


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key for user labels. Length limit: 1–128 characters. Case sensitive. Cannot start or end with a space. Allowed characters: letters, numbers, spaces, underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), minus signs (-), and @. Duplicate tag keys are not allowed for the same resource
- `value` (String) Tag value for user labels. Length limit: 0–256 characters. Case sensitive. Cannot start or end with a space. Allowed characters: letters, numbers, spaces, underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), minus signs (-), and @

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_cen_cen.example "cen_id"
```