---
page_title: "volcenginecc_clb_certificate Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CLB"
description: |-
  Provides unified certificate management service for HTTPS protocol. Certificates do not need to be uploaded to backend servers. Supports decryption processing on CLB instances, reducing CPU overhead on backend servers.
---

# volcenginecc_clb_certificate (Resource)

Provides unified certificate management service for HTTPS protocol. Certificates do not need to be uploaded to backend servers. Supports decryption processing on CLB instances, reducing CPU overhead on backend servers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_clb_certificate" "CertificatDemo" {
  certificate_name = "CertificatDemo"
  private_key      = "-----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----***----END RSA PRIVATE KEY-----"
  public_key       = "-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----***-----END CERTIFICATE-----\n-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----***-----END CERTIFICATE-----\n-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----***-----END CERTIFICATE-----"
  description      = "CertificateDemo Example"
  project_name     = "default"
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "env"
      value = "test"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `private_key` (String) Certificate private key.
- `public_key` (String) Certificate public key.

### Optional

- `certificate_name` (String) Certificate name. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length limit: 1–128 characters.
- `description` (String) Certificate description. Default value is an empty string. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length limit: 0–255 characters.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project the certificate belongs to. If not specified, defaults to 'default'.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `certificate_id` (String) Certificate ID.
- `created_time` (String) Certificate creation time.
- `domain_name` (String) Certificate primary domain name.
- `expired_at` (String) Certificate expiration time.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `listeners` (Set of String) ID of the listener associated with the certificate.
- `service_managed` (Boolean) Managed resource status. true: managed resource. false: unmanaged resource.
- `subject_alternative_names` (Set of String) List of alternate domain names for the certificate.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) User tag key.
- `value` (String) User tag value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_clb_certificate.example "certificate_id"
```