---
page_title: "volcenginecc_clb_nlb_security_policy Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CLB"
description: |-
  Some security policies are preset for common scenarios. If the system preset policies do not meet your needs, you can also customize security policies
---

# volcenginecc_clb_nlb_security_policy (Resource)

Some security policies are preset for common scenarios. If the system preset policies do not meet your needs, you can also customize security policies

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_clb_nlb_security_policy" "CLBNLBSecurityPolicyDemo" {
  ciphers              = ["TLS_AES_128_CCM_SHA256", "TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256"]
  project_name         = "default"
  security_policy_name = "ccapi-test-1"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
  tls_versions = ["TLSv1.3"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ciphers` (Set of String) Cipher suites for the TLS custom security policy. Supported cipher suites for different TLS protocol versions are as follows: TLSv1.0 & TLSv1.1: ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-SHA, ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-SHA, ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA, ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA, AES128-SHA, AES256-SHA, DES-CBC3-SHA. TLSv1.2: ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256, ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384, ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-SHA256, ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-SHA384, ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256, ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384, ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA256, ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA384, AES128-GCM-SHA256, AES256-GCM-SHA384, AES128-SHA256, AES256-SHA256. TLSv1.3: TLS_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256, TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384, TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256, TLS_AES_128_CCM_8_SHA256, TLS_AES_128_CCM_SHA256, TLS_SM4_GCM_SM3, TLS_SM4_CCM_SM3. When specifying this parameter, you must provide all supported cipher suites. Adding or removing cipher suites individually is not supported via this interface. If only Ciphers.N is provided and TlsVersions.N is not, validation is based on the TLS protocol versions supported by the current listener and the cipher suites specified in the request. If both TlsVersions.N and Ciphers.N are provided, validation is based on the TLS protocol versions and cipher suites specified in the request. TLS_SM4_GCM_SM3 and TLS_SM4_CCM_SM3 are currently in pilot testing. To request access, please contact your account manager
- `tls_versions` (Set of String) Update the TLS protocol versions for the TLS custom security policy. Valid values: TLSv1.0, TLSv1.1, TLSv1.2, TLSv1.3. When specifying this parameter, you must provide all supported TLS versions. Adding or removing TLS protocol versions individually is not supported via this interface. If only TlsVersions.N is provided and Ciphers.N is not, validation is based on the TLS protocol versions in the request and the cipher suites supported by the current listener. If both TlsVersions.N and Ciphers.N are provided, validation is based on the TLS protocol versions and cipher suites specified in the request

### Optional

- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the TLS custom security policy belongs. If not specified, defaults to default
- `security_policy_name` (String) Security policy name. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character, and can include the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. If this parameter is not specified, defaults to the policy ID
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Account ID associated with the TLS security policy
- `created_time` (String) Creation time
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `related_listener_ids` (Set of String) Listener associated with the TLS security policy
- `security_policy_id` (String) Security policy ID
- `status` (String) TLS custom security policy status. Creating: Being created. Configuring: Being configured. Active: Active. Deleting: Being deleted.
- `updated_time` (String) Update time

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) User tag key
- `value` (String) User tag value

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_clb_nlb_security_policy.example "security_policy_id"
```