---
page_title: "volcenginecc_clb_acl Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CLB"
description: |-
  CLB provides listener-level access control. If you want to allow only certain IPs or deny only certain IPs from accessing the CLB instance through the listener port, you can set an access control policy for the listener.
---

# volcenginecc_clb_acl (Resource)

CLB provides listener-level access control. If you want to allow only certain IPs or deny only certain IPs from accessing the CLB instance through the listener port, you can set an access control policy for the listener.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_clb_acl" "AclDemo" {
  acl_name     = "AclDemo"
  description  = "AclDemo Example"
  project_name = "default"
  acl_entries = [
    {
      description = "AclDemo description"
    entry = "1.1.2.2/32" },
    {
      description = "AclDemo description"
    entry = "2.2.2.2/32" }
  ]
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "env"
      value = "test"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `acl_entries` (Attributes Set) Detailed information about IP entries in the access control policy group.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--acl_entries))
- `acl_name` (String) Name of the access control policy group. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. If not specified, defaults to the access control policy group ID.
- `description` (String) Description of the access control policy group. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length limit: 0–255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the access control policy group belongs. If not specified, defaults to 'default'.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Detailed information about access control policy group tags
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `acl_entry_count` (Number) Number of IP entries contained in the access control policy group.
- `acl_id` (String) Access control policy group ID
- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the access control policy group
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `listeners` (Attributes Set) Detailed information about listeners associated with the access control policy group
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--listeners))
- `service_managed` (Boolean) Is this a managed resource. true: yes. false: no.
- `status` (String) Status of the access control policy group. Creating: creating. Active: available. Configuring: configuring. Deleting: deleting.
- `update_time` (String) Last operation time of the access control policy group

<a id="nestedatt--acl_entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acl_entries`

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the IP entry. Default value is an empty string. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length must be between 0 and 255 characters.
- `entry` (String) Address range of the IP entry. Only CIDR addresses are supported. Both IPv4 and IPv6 entries can be provided.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) User tag key. Length must be 1–128 characters. Supports input of characters in any language, numbers, spaces ( ), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and @ (@). If the tag key starts or ends with a space, the system automatically removes it.
- `value` (String) User tag value. Supports input of characters in any language, numbers, spaces ( ), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and @ (@). Case sensitive. If the tag value starts or ends with a space, the system automatically removes it.


<a id="nestedatt--listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listeners`

Read-Only:

- `acl_type` (String) Listener control mode for this access control policy group. white: allowlist. When the listener monitors CLB traffic, CLB only forwards requests from IP addresses associated with the allowlist access control policy group. black: denylist. When the listener monitors CLB traffic, CLB rejects requests from IP addresses associated with the denylist access control policy group.
- `listener_id` (String) Listener ID
- `listener_name` (String) Listener name
- `port` (Number) Listener port
- `protocol` (String) Listener protocol. Includes TCP, UDP, HTTP, HTTPS.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_clb_acl.example "acl_id"
```