---
page_title: "volcenginecc_clb_clb Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CLB"
description: |-
  Load balancer instance
---

# volcenginecc_clb_clb (Resource)

Load balancer instance

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_clb_clb" "CLBDemo" {
  load_balancer_name             = "CLBDemo"
  load_balancer_spec             = "small_1"
  address_ip_version             = "ipv4"
  bypass_security_group_enabled  = "off"
  description                    = "CLBDemo description"
  load_balancer_billing_type     = 2
  master_zone_id                 = "cn-beijing-a"
  slave_zone_id                  = "cn-beijing-b"
  modification_protection_reason = "xx"
  modification_protection_status = "xx"
  period                         = 1
  period_unit                    = "Month"
  project_name                   = "default"
  region_id                      = "cn-beijing"
  subnet_id                      = "subnet-rrwqhg3qzxfkv0x57g3xxxx"
  type                           = "public"
  vpc_id                         = "vpc-rrco37ovjq4gv0x58zfxxxx"
  eip = {
    isp              = "BGP"
    bandwidth        = 1
    eip_billing_type = 3
  }
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_log` (Attributes) Access log information in the load balancer instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_log))
- `address_ip_version` (String) IP address type of the CLB instance. Values: ipv4 (default): Indicates the CLB is IPv4 type and only supports forwarding IPv4 requests. DualStack: Indicates the CLB is dual-stack type and supports forwarding both IPv4 and IPv6 requests. DualStack can only be specified when Type is set to private
- `allowed_ports` (Set of String) Allowed port ranges
- `auto_renewal` (Boolean) Whether to enable auto-renewal. true: Yes, default auto-renewal is 1 month. false (default): No
- `bypass_security_group_enabled` (String) Whether to enable bypass security group feature
- `description` (String) Description of the load balancer instance
- `eip` (Attributes) Public IP information of the load balancer instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--eip))
- `eip_address` (String) Public IP address
- `eip_id` (String) Public IP ID
- `eni_address_num` (Number) Number of private IPv4 addresses for the load balancer instance. This parameter cannot be used together with EniAddress. If this parameter is provided, EniAddress is not required
- `enis` (Attributes) List of private IPv4 addresses for the load balancer instance, specified by EniAddressNum during creation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--enis))
- `exclusive_cluster_id` (String) Dedicated cluster ID
- `listeners` (Attributes Set) Listener information in the load balancer instance
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--listeners))
- `load_balancer_billing_type` (Number) CLB instance billing method. Available values: 1: Annual/monthly subscription. 2 (default): Pay-as-you-go (by specification). 3: Pay-as-you-go (by usage)
- `load_balancer_name` (String) Name of the load balancer instance
- `load_balancer_spec` (String) CLB instance specification. Different specifications provide different forwarding capabilities. small_1: Small I. small_2: Small II. medium_1: Medium I. medium_2: Medium II. large_1: Large I. large_2: Large II
- `master_zone_id` (String) Main availability zone ID of the load balancer instance
- `modification_protection_reason` (String) Reason for setting modification protection status. This parameter is valid only when ModificationProtectionStatus is set to ConsoleProtection. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character, and can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: half-width period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length must be 1–80 characters
- `modification_protection_status` (String) Whether CLB instance enables modification protection in the console. When enabled, modification or deletion via the console is prohibited. Available values: NonProtection: Disabled. ConsoleProtection: Enabled
- `new_arch` (Boolean) Whether it is a new architecture
- `order_id` (String) Order ID. This parameter is only available when LoadBalancerBillingType is set to 1 during creation
- `period` (Number) Duration for purchasing a CLB instance by year or by month. Default is '1'. When PeriodUnit is set to Month, valid values are 1–9, 12, 24, and 36. When PeriodUnit is set to Year, valid values are 1–3
- `period_unit` (String) Duration unit for purchasing subscription CLB instances. This parameter is valid only when LoadBalancerBillingType is set to 1. Values: Month (default): month. Year: year
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project associated with the CLB instance
- `server_groups` (Attributes Set) Backend server group information in the load balancer instance
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server_groups))
- `slave_zone_id` (String) Secondary availability zone ID of the load balancer instance
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet ID within the VPC of the load balancer instance
- `tags` (Attributes Set) CLB instance tags
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `type` (String) CLB instance type. Values: public: Public type. When you create a public CLB instance, the system assigns a public IP address for forwarding public requests. private: Private type. When you create a private CLB instance, the system does not assign a public IP address; you must bind a public IP manually before it can forward public requests
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID of the load balancer instance
- `zone_type` (String) Availability zone type of the load balancer instance

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Account ID to which the load balancer instance belongs
- `business_status` (String) Whether the load balancer instance is locked
- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the load balancer instance
- `deleted_time` (String) Expected recycling time of the load balancer instance
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable status of the load balancer instance
- `eni` (Attributes) Private IPv4 address information of the load balancer instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--eni))
- `eni_ipv_6_address` (String) Private IPv6 address of the load balancer instance
- `expired_time` (String) Expiration time of the load balancer instance
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `load_balancer_id` (String) Load balancer instance ID
- `lock_reason` (String) Reason why the load balancer instance is frozen
- `overdue_time` (String) Freeze time of the load balancer instance
- `service_managed` (Boolean) Whether the CLB instance is a managed resource
- `status` (String) Load balancer instance status: Inactive: stopped. Active: running. Creating: creating. Provisioning: creating. Configuring: configuring. Deleting: deleting. CreateFailed: creation failed.
- `timestamp_remove_enabled` (String) Enable TCP timestamp removal
- `update_time` (String) Most recent operation time of the load balancer instance

<a id="nestedatt--access_log"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_log`

Optional:

- `bucket_name` (String) Name of the object storage bucket for storing Layer 7 access logs
- `delivery_type` (String) Log delivery type. Available values: tos (default): Deliver logs to object storage service TOS. tls: Deliver logs to log service TLS
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable access log (Layer 7) delivery to object storage TOS
- `tls_project_id` (String) Log project
- `tls_topic_id` (String) Log topic


<a id="nestedatt--eip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `eip`

Optional:

- `bandwidth` (Number) Peak bandwidth
- `bandwidth_package_id` (String) Shared bandwidth package ID
- `eip_billing_type` (Number) Billing method
- `isp` (String) Line type
- `security_protection_instance_id` (Number) Protection package ID
- `security_protection_types` (Set of String) Security protection type


<a id="nestedatt--enis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enis`

Optional:

- `eni_address` (String) Private IP address of the load balancer instance
- `eni_id` (String) Network interface ID occupied by the load balancer instance


<a id="nestedatt--listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listeners`

Optional:

- `listener_id` (String) Listener ID
- `listener_name` (String) Listener name


<a id="nestedatt--server_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server_groups`

Optional:

- `server_group_id` (String) ID of the backend server group in the load balancer instance
- `server_group_name` (String) Name of the backend server group in the load balancer instance


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key
- `value` (String) Tag value


<a id="nestedatt--eni"></a>
### Nested Schema for `eni`

Read-Only:

- `eni_address` (String) Private IP address of the load balancer instance
- `eni_id` (String) Network interface ID occupied by the load balancer instance

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_clb_clb.example "load_balancer_id"
```