---
page_title: "volcenginecc_clb_server_group Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CLB"
description: |-
  A backend server group is a collection of backend servers.
---

# volcenginecc_clb_server_group (Resource)

A backend server group is a collection of backend servers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_clb_server_group" "CLBServerGroupDemo" {
  load_balancer_id   = "clb-mioj49on0zcw5smt1b8rxxxx"
  server_group_name  = "CLBServerGroupDemo"
  type               = "instance"
  description        = "CLBServerGroupDemo description"
  address_ip_version = "ipv4"
  any_port_enabled   = "off"
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "env"
      value = "test"
    }
  ]
  servers = [
    {
      instance_id      = "i-ye498lwge85i3z3kxxxx"
      type             = "ecs"
      weight           = 50
      ip               = "192.168.*.13"
      any_port_enabled = "off"
      port             = 8080
    description = "test" },
    {
      instance_id      = "i-ye48ymyy9s5i3z4pxxxx"
      type             = "ecs"
      weight           = 22
      ip               = "192.168.*.52"
      any_port_enabled = "off"
      port             = 91
    description = "test" }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `load_balancer_id` (String) CLB instance ID to which the backend server group belongs.

### Optional

- `address_ip_version` (String) IP address type of the backend server group. ipv4: The backend server group is of IPv4 type. ipv6: The backend server group is of IPv6 type.
- `any_port_enabled` (String) Whether to enable all-port forwarding. on: enable all-port forwarding. off: disable all-port forwarding.
- `description` (String) Description of the backend server group. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character, and can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length limit: 0–255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string.
- `server_group_name` (String) Name of the backend server group. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character, and can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Limit: 1–128 characters. If not specified, defaults to the backend server group ID.
- `servers` (Attributes Set) Information about servers in the backend server group.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--servers))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `type` (String) Type of the backend server group. instance: This backend server group can only add the primary or auxiliary network card of a cloud server as backend servers. ip: This backend server group can only add IP addresses as backend servers.

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the backend server group.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `listeners` (Attributes Set) Listener information associated with the backend server group.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--listeners))
- `server_group_id` (String) Backend server group ID.
- `update_time` (String) Last operation time of the backend server group.

<a id="nestedatt--servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servers`

Optional:

- `description` (String) Backend server description. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), Chinese period (。). Length limit: 0–255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string.
- `instance_id` (String) Backend server. Value options: When Type is ecs, provide the cloud server instance ID. When Type is eni, provide the ID of the auxiliary network card attached to the cloud server. When Type is ip, provide the IP address as the backend server.
- `ip` (String) Private IP address of the backend server. Use '&' to separate multiple backend server IP addresses.
- `port` (Number) Port number on which the backend server receives requests. Value range: 1–65535. If the AnyPortEnabled parameter is 'off' and you need to add backend servers at the same time, this parameter must be provided. If AnyPortEnabled is 'on', this parameter defaults to 0.
- `type` (String) Backend server instance type. When the Type parameter is instance, value options are: ecs: cloud server instance. eni: auxiliary network card. When the Type parameter is ip, this parameter value is ip.
- `weight` (Number) Backend server weight, range: 0–100. If not specified, defaults to 0. 0 means requests will not be forwarded to this backend server.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Information about bound tag keys.
- `value` (String) Bound tag value information.


<a id="nestedatt--listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listeners`

Read-Only:

- `listener_id` (String) Listener ID.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_clb_server_group.example "server_group_id"
```