---
page_title: "volcenginecc_clb_rule Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CLB"
description: |-
  The forwarding rule directs requests for specified domain names and URLs to the designated backend server group.
---

# volcenginecc_clb_rule (Resource)

The forwarding rule directs requests for specified domain names and URLs to the designated backend server group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_clb_rule" "RuleDemo" {
  listener_id = "lsn-13****"
  description = "RuleDemo Example"
  domain      = "www.***.com"
  action_type = "Forward"

  server_group_id = "rsp-mj***"
  url             = "/co3cee"
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "env"
      value = "test"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `listener_id` (String) Listener ID.

### Optional

- `action_type` (String) Forwarding rule action. Options: Forward: Forward to. Redirect: Redirect to.
- `description` (String) Description of the forwarding rule. Default value is an empty string. Specifications: Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), Chinese period (。). Length must be between 0 and 255 characters.
- `domain` (String) Domain name of the forwarding rule.
- `redirect_config` (Attributes) Redirection-related configuration information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--redirect_config))
- `server_group_id` (String) ID of the backend server group associated with the forwarding rule.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `url` (String) URL of the forwarding rule.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `rule_id` (String) Forwarding rule ID.

<a id="nestedatt--redirect_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redirect_config`

Optional:

- `host` (String) The domain name for forwarding rule redirection currently supports only exact domain names. Specifications: Must contain at least one '.', and cannot start or end with '.'. Only letters, numbers, '.', and '-' are allowed. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. Example of a valid exact domain name: www.test.com.
- `path` (String) Path for forwarding rule redirection. Specifications: Must start with a forward slash '/'. Consecutive '/' characters are not allowed. Only letters, numbers, '-', '_', '/', '.', '%', '?', '#', '&', '=', and other specified characters are allowed. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters.
- `port` (String) Port for forwarding rule redirection. Value range: 1~65535.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol for forwarding rule redirection. Options: HTTP. HTTPS (default).
- `status_code` (String) Status code for forwarding rule redirection. Options: 301 (default): Indicates the requested resource has been permanently moved to a new URL. The client should use the new URL for subsequent requests. 302: Indicates the requested resource has been temporarily moved to a new URL and may change again in the future. The client should use the new URL for subsequent requests. 307: Similar to 302, but requires the client to keep the request method unchanged during redirection. For example, if the original request is GET, the redirected request remains GET. 308: Similar to 301, but requires the client to keep the request method unchanged during redirection.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key.
- `value` (String) Tag value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_clb_rule.example "listener_id|rule_id"
```