---
page_title: "volcenginecc_clb_nlb Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CLB"
description: |-
  The NLB instance receives user access requests and forwards them to backend servers based on the configuration of listeners and server groups.
---

# volcenginecc_clb_nlb (Resource)

The NLB instance receives user access requests and forwards them to backend servers based on the configuration of listeners and server groups.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_clb_nlb" "NLBDemo" {
  ipv_4_network_type = "intranet"
  security_group_ids = ["sg-13fg4nslwnwu83n6nu5a7xxxx"]
  vpc_id             = "vpc-13ffun9olqz9c3n6nu43bxxxx"
  load_balancer_name = "NLBDemo"
  description        = "NLBDemom"
  project_name       = "default"
  ip_address_version = "ipv4"
  cross_zone_enabled = false
  zone_mappings = [
    {
      subnet_id = "subnet-mjoyynjt59ts5smt1bncxxxx"
      zone_id   = "cn-beijing-a"
    ipv_4_address = "192.168.xx.2" }
  ]
  modification_protection_status = "ConsoleProtection"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ipv_4_network_type` (String) IPv4 network type of the NLB instance. internet: public network type. intranet: private network type.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) List of security group IDs associated with the NLB instance.
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID to which the NLB instance belongs.
- `zone_mappings` (Attributes Set) Availability zone information for the NLB instance.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zone_mappings))

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) Account ID to which the NLB instance belongs.
- `cross_zone_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the NLB instance has cross-availability zone forwarding enabled. true (default): enabled. false: disabled.
- `description` (String) Description of the NLB instance. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character and can include the following special characters: English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length limit: 0–255 characters. If this parameter is not provided, the default is an empty string.
- `ip_address_version` (String) IP address type of the NLB instance. ipv4: IPv4 version. dualstack: dual stack, supports both IPv4 and IPv6 versions.
- `ipv_4_bandwidth_package_id` (String) Shared bandwidth package ID for IPv4 type.
- `ipv_6_bandwidth_package_id` (String) Shared bandwidth package ID for IPv6 type.
- `ipv_6_network_type` (String) IPv6 network type of the NLB instance. internet: public network type. intranet: private network type.
- `load_balancer_name` (String) Name of the NLB instance.
- `modification_protection_status` (String) Whether modification protection is enabled for the NLB instance in the console. NonProtection or empty: disabled, allows modification or deletion of the instance via the console. ConsoleProtection: enabled, prevents modification or deletion of the instance via the console.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the NLB instance belongs.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information of the NLB instance.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `access_log` (Attributes) Access log information of the NLB instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_log))
- `billing_status` (String) Billing status of the NLB instance. Normal: normal, FinancialLocked: locked.
- `billing_type` (Number) Billing type of the NLB instance. 3: pay-as-you-go
- `created_time` (String) Creation time of the NLB instance.
- `dns_name` (String) DNS address of the NLB instance.
- `expected_overdue_time` (String) Time when the NLB instance is suspended due to overdue payment.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `load_balancer_id` (String) NLB instance ID.
- `managed_security_group_id` (String) Managed security group ID automatically associated with the NLB instance by the system.
- `overdue_time` (String) Time when the NLB instance is locked. If the BillingStatus parameter is Normal, this parameter returns an empty string.
- `reclaimed_time` (String) Expected reclamation time of the NLB instance. If the BillingStatus parameter is Normal, this parameter returns an empty string.
- `status` (String) Status of the NLB instance. Inactive: stopped. Active: running. Creating: creating. Provisioning: creating (this status only appears when creating an NLB instance via API). Configuring: configuring. Deleting: deleting. CreateFailed: creation failed.
- `updated_time` (String) Update time of the NLB instance.

<a id="nestedatt--zone_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zone_mappings`

Optional:

- `eni_id` (String) Network interface card ID.
- `ipv_4_address` (String) Private IPv4 VIP address of the NLB instance. If this parameter is not provided, the system automatically assigns an available IPv4 address from the subnet.
- `ipv_4_eip_address` (String) Public IPv4 EIP address of the NLB instance.
- `ipv_4_eip_id` (String) Public IPv4 EIP ID of the NLB instance.
- `ipv_4_hc_status` (String) Health status of the NLB instance's private IPv4 address. Healthy: healthy. Unhealthy: abnormal.
- `ipv_4_local_addresses` (Set of String) Private IPv4 LIP address of the NLB instance.
- `ipv_6_address` (String) Private IPv6 VIP address of the NLB instance.
- `ipv_6_eip_id` (String) ID of the IPv6 public bandwidth associated with the NLB instance.
- `ipv_6_hc_status` (String) Health status of the NLB instance's private IPv6 address. Healthy: healthy. Unhealthy: abnormal.
- `ipv_6_local_addresses` (Set of String) Private IPv6 LIP address of the NLB instance.
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet ID to which the NLB instance belongs.
- `zone_id` (String) Availability zone ID to which the NLB instance belongs.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key.
- `value` (String) Tag value.


<a id="nestedatt--access_log"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_log`

Read-Only:

- `access_log_enabled` (Boolean) Enable access logs. true: yes. false: no.
- `project_id` (String) Log project ID.
- `topic_id` (String) Log topic ID.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_clb_nlb.example "load_balancer_id"
```