---
page_title: "volcenginecc_clb_nlb_server_group Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CLB"
description: |-
  A server group is a set of backend servers.
---

# volcenginecc_clb_nlb_server_group (Resource)

A server group is a set of backend servers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_clb_nlb_server_group" "NLBServerGroupDemo" {
  bypass_security_group_enabled = false
  health_check = {
    enabled = false
  }
  vpc_id                      = "vpc-13f8k4dwdsydc3n6nu5rxxxxx"
  project_name                = "default"
  server_group_name           = "NLBServerGroupDemo.Aa1xxxxx"
  type                        = "instance"
  protocol                    = "UDP"
  description                 = "test.IPV4.UDP.WLC_="
  scheduler                   = "wlc"
  ip_address_version          = "ipv4"
  any_port_enabled            = false
  connection_drain_enabled    = false
  preserve_client_ip_enabled  = false
  session_persistence_enabled = false
  proxy_protocol_type         = "off"
  servers = [
    {
      instance_id = "i-ye2fvd0qo0bw80ctxxxxx"
      type        = "ecs"
      ip          = "192.168.xx.76"
      port        = 10
    weight = 50 },
    {
      instance_id = "eni-mirt64nt1xq85smt1a3xxxxx"
      type        = "eni"
      ip          = "192.168.xx.77"
      port        = 20
    weight = 50 }
  ]
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `protocol` (String) Communication protocol used by NLB to forward traffic to backend servers. Options: TCP. UDP.
- `vpc_id` (String) ID of the private network to which the server group belongs

### Optional

- `any_port_enabled` (Boolean) Enable all-port forwarding
- `bypass_security_group_enabled` (Boolean) Enable backend security group pass-through. This parameter can only be configured when Type is 'instance'.
- `connection_drain_enabled` (Boolean) Enable graceful connection termination.
- `connection_drain_timeout` (Number) Connection graceful shutdown timeout, range: 0–900 seconds. If ConnectionDrainEnabled is 'true', this parameter is required.
- `description` (String) Description of the backend server group, description of the server group. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character, and can include the following special characters: English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), Chinese period（。）. Length limit: 0–255 characters. If this parameter is not provided, the default is an empty string.
- `health_check` (Attributes) Health check parameters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_check))
- `ip_address_version` (String) IP address type of the server group. Options: ipv4 (default): The server group only supports adding IPv4 type backend servers. ipv6: The server group only supports adding IPv6 type backend servers.
- `preserve_client_ip_enabled` (Boolean) Enable source address persistence
- `project_name` (String) Project name
- `proxy_protocol_type` (String) Enable Proxy-Protocol. Available values: off (default): disabled. standard: enabled. NLB forwards the client source IP address to the backend server via Proxy-Protocol. Proxy-Protocol must also be configured on the backend server.
- `scheduler` (String) Rules followed by NLB when forwarding traffic. Options: wrr (default): Weighted round robin. Backend servers with higher weights are selected more frequently (higher probability). wlc: Weighted least connections. Based on the least number of connections, assigns different weights to backend servers according to their processing capabilities, allowing each server to handle a corresponding number of service requests. sh: Source address hash. Uses consistent hashing based on the source IP address; requests from the same source address are routed to the same backend server.
- `server_group_name` (String) Server group name. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character, and can include the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Limit: 1–128 characters. If not specified, defaults to the server group ID
- `servers` (Attributes Set) Information about backend servers to be added to the server group
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--servers))
- `session_persistence_enabled` (Boolean) Enable session persistence.
- `session_persistence_timeout` (Number) Session persistence timeout. Range: 1–3600 seconds, default: 1000 seconds
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `timestamp_remove_enabled` (Boolean) Enable removal of TCP/HTTP/HTTPS packet timestamps
- `type` (String) Server group type. Available values: instance (default): server type. Supports adding cloud server instances and auxiliary network interfaces bound to cloud server instances as backend servers. ip: IP address type. Supports adding any network-accessible server in a VPC or IDC as a backend server.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Account ID
- `created_time` (String) Backend server group creation time
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `related_load_balancer_ids` (Set of String) NLB instance associated with the server group.
- `server_count` (Number) Number of backend servers in the server group.
- `server_group_id` (String) Server group ID
- `status` (String) Server group status
- `updated_time` (String) Last update time of the backend server group.

<a id="nestedatt--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_check`

Optional:

- `domain` (String) Health check domain name
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable health check
- `healthy_threshold` (Number) Health check healthy threshold. Range: 2–10 times, default: 3 times. If the backend server passes the specified number of consecutive health checks with 'normal' results, it is considered health check 'normal'
- `http_code` (String) HTTP status codes indicating a healthy health check.
- `interval` (Number) Health check interval, range: 1–300 seconds, default: 10 seconds.
- `method` (String) Health check request method
- `port` (Number) Health check port. Range: 1–65535. If full port forwarding is not enabled for the server group, this parameter defaults to 0, meaning the backend server's port is used for health checks. If full port forwarding is enabled, this parameter must be specified
- `timeout` (Number) Health check response timeout. Range: 1–60 seconds, default: 3 seconds. If the backend server does not respond correctly within the specified time, it is considered health check 'abnormal'
- `type` (String) Health check protocol type. Options: TCP (default), HTTP, UDP
- `udp_expect` (String) UDP health check request string. Only letters and numbers are allowed, with a maximum length of 64 characters.
- `udp_request` (String) Expected response string for UDP health check
- `unhealthy_threshold` (Number) Health check unhealthy threshold. Range: 2–10 times, default: 3 times. If the backend server fails the specified number of consecutive health checks with 'abnormal' results, it is considered health check abnormal
- `uri` (String) Health check path


<a id="nestedatt--servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servers`

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the backend server, default is an empty string.
- `instance_id` (String) Server instance ID or IP address. If the server type is 'ecs', enter the cloud server instance ID. You can call the DescribeInstances API to obtain the cloud server instance ID. If the server type is 'eni', enter the network interface card ID bound to the cloud server instance. You can call the DescribeNetworkInterfaces API to obtain the network interface card ID. If the server type is 'ip', enter the backend server's IP address.
- `ip` (String) Private IP address of the backend server. You can call the DescribeInstances API to obtain the private IP address of an 'ecs' type backend server. You can call the DescribeNetworkInterfaces API to obtain the private IP address of an 'eni' type backend server.
- `port` (Number) Port number on which the backend server receives requests, range: 1–65535. If AnyPortEnabled is 'false' (all-port forwarding is disabled), this parameter is required. If AnyPortEnabled is 'true' (all-port forwarding is enabled), the default value is 0.
- `server_id` (String) Backend server ID
- `type` (String) Backend server type. Available values: ecs: cloud server instance (primary network interface). eni: auxiliary network interface. ip: IP address.
- `weight` (Number) Backend server weight, range: 0–100. Weight of 0 means requests will not be forwarded to this server. If not specified, the default is 0.
- `zone_id` (String) Specify the availability zone of the NLB instance associated with the backend server. This parameter is required when Servers.N.Type is ip. If the NLB instance enables cross-zone forwarding, the backend server can receive traffic from all availability zones of the NLB instance. If cross-zone forwarding is disabled, the backend server only receives traffic from the specified availability zone


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key
- `value` (String) Tag value

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_clb_nlb_server_group.example "server_group_id"
```