---
page_title: "volcenginecc_clb_listener Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CLB"
description: |-
  The listener monitors user access requests received by the CLB instance based on the specified protocol and port. CLB forwards access requests to healthy backend servers in the associated backend server group according to the scheduling algorithm configured for the listener.
---

# volcenginecc_clb_listener (Resource)

The listener monitors user access requests received by the CLB instance based on the specified protocol and port. CLB forwards access requests to healthy backend servers in the associated backend server group according to the scheduling algorithm configured for the listener.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_clb_listener" "ClbListenerDemo" {
  acl_ids                  = ["acl-mjd01crvppts5smt1bsxxxxx"]
  acl_status               = "on"
  acl_type                 = "black"
  connection_drain_enabled = "on"
  connection_drain_timeout = 900
  description              = "ClbListenerDemo description"
  enabled                  = "on"
  established_timeout      = 300
  server_group_id          = "rsp-rs11ie8u6neov0x58bxxxxx"
  health_check = {
    enabled             = "on"
    healthy_threshold   = 3
    interval            = 5
    timeout             = 2
    unhealthy_threshold = 3
    port                = 0
    udp_request         = "test"
    udp_expect          = "test"
  }
  listener_name       = "ClbListenerDemo"
  load_balancer_id    = "clb-rs1187938g00v0x58nxxxxx"
  persistence_timeout = 1000
  persistence_type    = "source_ip"
  protocol            = "UDP"
  port                = 5001
  scheduler           = "wrr"
  bandwidth           = 1
  proxy_protocol_type = "standard"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `load_balancer_id` (String) ID of the CLB instance.
- `port` (Number) Port used by the listener to receive requests. Value range: 0–65535. When the Protocol parameter is 'TCP' or 'UDP', 0 is supported, which enables listening on all ports.
- `protocol` (String) Listener protocol. Includes: TCP, UDP, HTTP, HTTPS.
- `server_group_id` (String) ID of the backend server group associated with the listener.

### Optional

- `acl_ids` (Set of String) ID of the access control policy group bound to the listener. Returned only when the AclStatus parameter is set to on.
- `acl_status` (String) Enable access control. Values: on: enabled. off (default): disabled.
- `acl_type` (String) Access control mode. white: Allowlist. black: Denylist. This parameter is valid only when the AclStatus parameter is on.
- `bandwidth` (Number) Bandwidth limit for the listener, which means this listener exclusively uses the bandwidth of the CLB instance. Unit: Mbps. -1 (default): This listener does not exclusively use CLB bandwidth and shares the non-exclusive bandwidth of the CLB instance with other listeners. Value range: 1 to the non-exclusive bandwidth of the CLB instance.
- `ca_certificate_id` (String) CA certificate for mutual authentication.
- `ca_enabled` (String) Enable mutual authentication. on: enabled. off (default): disabled.
- `cert_center_certificate_id` (String) Certificate ID from Certificate Center.
- `certificate_id` (String) Certificate ID from the CLB certificate management module.
- `certificate_source` (String) Certificate source. clb (default): certificate uploaded to CLB. cert_center: certificate uploaded to Certificate Center. user: certificate uploaded by user.
- `client_body_timeout` (Number) Timeout for reading the client request body. This timeout applies only between two consecutive read operations, not the entire request transmission. Range: 30–120 seconds, default is 60 seconds. This parameter is valid only when Protocol is set to HTTP or HTTPS.
- `client_header_timeout` (Number) Timeout for reading the client request header. Value range: 30–120 seconds. Default is 60 seconds. This parameter is valid only when Protocol is set to HTTP or HTTPS.
- `connection_drain_enabled` (String) Whether the listener enables graceful connection termination. on: enabled. off: not enabled. When Protocol returns HTTP or HTTPS, this parameter always returns off.
- `connection_drain_timeout` (Number) Timeout for graceful connection termination, in seconds. If ConnectionDrainEnabled returns off, this parameter returns 0.
- `cookie` (String) Name of the session persistence cookie configured on the backend server. This parameter is valid and required only when PersistenceType is set to server. Only letters, numbers, underscores (_), and hyphens (-) are allowed. Length must be between 1 and 200 characters.
- `cps` (Number) Maximum number of new connections per second. -1 (default): No limit, which means the maximum number of new connections allowed by the CLB instance. Value range: 1 to the maximum number of new connections allowed by the CLB instance.
- `description` (String) Listener description. Must start with a letter, digit, or Chinese character. Can include letters, digits, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length: 0–255 characters. If not specified, the default is an empty string.
- `enabled` (String) Enable listener. on (default): enabled. off: disabled.
- `end_port` (Number) End port for all-port listening. Range: 1–65535. When Port is '0', this parameter is required and must be greater than startPort.
- `established_timeout` (Number) Listener connection timeout. This parameter is valid only when Protocol is set to TCP or UDP. Values: TCP protocol: 10–900 seconds, default is 900 seconds. UDP protocol: 1–300 seconds, default is 90 seconds.
- `health_check` (Attributes) Health check information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_check))
- `http_2_enabled` (String) Whether the listener enables frontend HTTP 2.0 protocol. This parameter is valid only when Protocol is set to HTTPS. Values: on: enabled. off (default): disabled.
- `keepalive_timeout` (Number) Keep-alive timeout between the client and CLB. Range: 0–900 seconds, default is 75 seconds. 0 disables keep-alive. This parameter is valid only when Protocol is set to HTTP or HTTPS.
- `listener_name` (String) Listener name. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. If left blank, 'Protocol-Port' will be used as the default listener name.
- `max_connections` (Number) Maximum concurrent connections limit. -1 (default): unlimited (up to the maximum concurrent connections supported by the CLB instance). Value range: 1 to the maximum concurrent connections limit of the CLB instance.
- `persistence_timeout` (Number) Session persistence timeout, in seconds. The value range depends on the PersistenceType parameter. When PersistenceType is set to source_ip, the range is 1–3600. When PersistenceType is set to insert, the range is 1–86400.
- `persistence_type` (String) Session persistence type. Values: off (default): session persistence disabled. source_ip: source IP address, valid only when Protocol is TCP or UDP. insert: insert Cookie, valid only when Protocol is HTTP or HTTPS and Scheduler is wrr. server: rewrite Cookie, valid only when Protocol is HTTP or HTTPS and Scheduler is wrr.
- `proxy_connect_timeout` (Number) Connection establishment timeout between CLB and backend server. Recommended to be greater than the health check timeout. Range: 4–120 seconds, default is 4. This parameter is valid only when Protocol is set to HTTP or HTTPS.
- `proxy_protocol_type` (String) Enable Proxy-Protocol. This parameter is valid only when Protocol is TCP or UDP. Values: off (default): disabled. standard: enabled.
- `proxy_read_timeout` (Number) Timeout for CLB to read responses from backend servers. This timeout applies only between two consecutive read operations, not for the entire response transmission. Value range: 30–3600 seconds. Default: 60 seconds. This parameter is valid only when Protocol is set to HTTP or HTTPS.
- `proxy_send_timeout` (Number) Timeout for CLB to transmit requests to backend servers. This timeout applies only between two consecutive write operations, not the entire request transmission process. Value range: 30–3600 seconds. Default is 60 seconds. This parameter is valid only when Protocol is set to HTTP or HTTPS.
- `scheduler` (String) Scheduling algorithm used by the listener. wrr (default): Weighted round robin. wlc: Weighted least connections. sh: Source address hash.
- `security_policy_id` (String) TLS security policy for HTTPS listeners. This parameter is valid only when Protocol is set to HTTPS. Values: default_policy (default): supports SSL v3, TLS v1.0, TLS v1.1, TLS v1.2. tls_cipher_policy_1_0: supports TLS v1.0, TLS v1.1, TLS v1.2. tls_cipher_policy_1_1: supports TLS v1.1, TLS v1.2. tls_cipher_policy_1_2: supports TLS v1.2. tls_cipher_policy_1_2_strict: supports TLS v1.2.
- `send_timeout` (Number) Timeout for CLB to send responses to the client. This timeout applies only between two consecutive write operations, not the entire response transmission. Range: 1–3600 seconds, default is 60 seconds. This parameter is valid only when Protocol is set to HTTP or HTTPS.
- `start_port` (Number) Start port for all-port listening. Range: 1–65535. When Port is '0', this parameter is required.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag associated with the listener.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (String) Creation time of the listener.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `listener_id` (String) Listener ID.
- `rule_ids` (Set of String) List of rule IDs bound to the listener.
- `status` (String) Listener status. Creating: being created. Active: running. Deleting: being deleted. Disabled: disabled.
- `updated_time` (String) Last operation time of the listener.
- `waf_protection_enabled` (String) Send traffic passing through the Layer 7 listener to the Web Application Firewall for inspection and filtering. on: yes. off: no.

<a id="nestedatt--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_check`

Optional:

- `domain` (String) Domain name for health check. Must be set to the actual address provided by the backend server. This parameter takes effect when Protocol is set to HTTP or HTTPS and HealthCheck.Enabled is on. Must contain at least one period (.), and cannot start or end with a period (.). Each string can include letters, numbers, hyphens (-), and periods (.), with hyphens (-) not allowed at the beginning or end of the string. Length limit: 1 to 128 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is specified, the default is empty, meaning CLB uses the private IP address of each backend server for health checks.
- `enabled` (String) Whether health check is enabled for the listener. on (default): enabled. off: disabled.
- `healthy_threshold` (Number) Health threshold, i.e., the number of consecutive successful health checks. Range: 2–10, default is 3, unit: times.
- `http_code` (String) HTTP status codes for healthy checks. This parameter is effective when Protocol is HTTP or HTTPS and HealthCheck.Enabled is on. Values: http_2xx (default), http_3xx, http_4xx, http_5xx. Separate multiple status codes with a comma (,).
- `interval` (Number) Interval for performing health checks. Range: 1–300, default is 2, in seconds.
- `method` (String) Listener health check method. GET: server must support the GET method. HEAD: server returns only HEAD header information, which reduces backend overhead, but requires server support for the HEAD method.
- `port` (Number) Health check port. Value range: 1–65535.
- `timeout` (Number) Health check response timeout. If the backend server does not respond correctly within the specified time, the health check is considered 'abnormal'. Value range: 1 to 60. Default: 2. Unit: seconds.
- `udp_expect` (String) Expected response string for health check. Only letters and numbers are allowed, with a maximum length of 64 characters. This parameter takes effect when Protocol is set to UDP and HealthCheck.Enabled is set to on. HealthCheck.UdpRequest and HealthCheck.UdpExpect must either both be empty or both be non-empty.
- `udp_request` (String) Request string for performing health checks. Only letters and numbers are allowed, with a maximum length of 64 characters. This parameter takes effect when Protocol is set to UDP and HealthCheck.Enabled is set to on. The values of HealthCheck.UdpRequest and HealthCheck.UdpExpect must either both be empty or both be non-empty.
- `unhealthy_threshold` (Number) Unhealthy threshold, which is the number of consecutive health check failures. Value range: 2–10. Default: 3. Unit: occurrences.
- `uri` (String) Health check path. Must be configured as the actual address provided by the backend server. This parameter takes effect when Protocol is set to HTTP or HTTPS and HealthCheck.Enabled is on. Must start with '/'. Only letters, digits, hyphens (-), underscores (_), slashes (/), periods (.), percent signs (%), question marks (?), #, &, and equals signs (=) are allowed. Length: 1–128 characters. If not specified or no value is provided, the default is '/'.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key for user tags. Length range: 1–128 characters. Supports input of characters from all languages, numbers, spaces ( ), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and @ (@). If the tag key starts or ends with a space, the system automatically removes it.
- `value` (String) Tag value for user tags. Supports input of characters from any language, numbers, spaces ( ), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and @ (@). Case sensitive. If the tag value starts or ends with a space, the system will automatically remove it.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_clb_listener.example "listener_id"
```