---
page_title: "volcenginecc_cr_name_space Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CR"
description: |-
  A namespace is a collection of OCI artifact repositories that share related attributes. Namespace names are typically organization team names, product project names, or custom names within an enterprise.
---

# volcenginecc_cr_name_space (Resource)

A namespace is a collection of OCI artifact repositories that share related attributes. Namespace names are typically organization team names, product project names, or custom names within an enterprise.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_cr_name_space" "NamespaceDemo" {
  registry = "test"
  name     = "testnamespace"
  project  = "default"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Namespace name. Supports lowercase English letters, numbers, periods (.), hyphens (-), and underscores (_). Punctuation cannot appear at the beginning or end, nor be used consecutively. Length must be between 2 and 90 characters. Standard edition instance: The name must be unique within the same image repository instance. Trial edition instance: The namespace name must be unique across all accounts within the same region. If the namespace name you set is already taken, try another name or purchase a standard edition instance.
- `registry` (String) Specify the image repository instance name. Obtain it via ListRegistries or from the instance list page in the image repository console.

### Optional

- `project` (String) Name of the project to which the namespace belongs. This parameter is case-sensitive and must not exceed 64 characters. If the parameter is empty, the namespace is associated with the default project.

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (String) Namespace creation time.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_cr_name_space.example "registry|name"
```