---
page_title: "volcenginecc_cr_repository Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "CR"
description: |-
  The OCI artifact repository is used to store container images, Helm Charts, and other OCI (Open Container Initiative) artifacts that comply with open container standards.
---

# volcenginecc_cr_repository (Resource)

The OCI artifact repository is used to store container images, Helm Charts, and other OCI (Open Container Initiative) artifacts that comply with open container standards.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_cr_repository" "RepositoryDemo" {
  registry     = "test"
  namespace    = "default"
  name         = "RepositoryDemo"
  description  = "RepositoryDemo description"
  access_level = "Public"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) OCI artifact repository name. The name must be unique within the same namespace. Supports lowercase English letters, numbers, and delimiters (delimiters can be a single '.' or '/', one or more '-', or one or two '_'. Delimiters cannot appear at the beginning or end of the name, nor can they appear consecutively). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters.
- `namespace` (String) Target namespace name. Obtain the namespace name from the Namespace page of the target instance in the Image Repository Console.
- `registry` (String) Specify the name of the image repository instance to which the namespace belongs. Obtain the instance name from the Instance List page in the Image Repository Console.

### Optional

- `access_level` (String) Access level. Values include: Private: Private OCI artifact repository, accessible only to authorized users. Public: Public OCI artifact repository, accessible to all users. You can specify one or more access levels in a single entry.
- `description` (String) Image repository description, with a length of 0–300 UTF-8 characters.

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the OCI artifact repository. RFC3339 format, UTC+0 time.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `update_time` (String) Last updated time for the OCI artifact repository. RFC3339 format, UTC+0 time.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_cr_repository.example "registry|namespace|name"
```