---
page_title: "volcenginecc_directconnect_direct_connect_gateway Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "DirectConnect"
description: |-
  The Direct Connect Gateway is the entry point for local data centers to access the cloud. It connects private networks (VPC) and physical dedicated connections, enabling mutual access between on-premises data centers (IDC) and cloud private networks (VPC).
---

# volcenginecc_directconnect_direct_connect_gateway (Resource)

The Direct Connect Gateway is the entry point for local data centers to access the cloud. It connects private networks (VPC) and physical dedicated connections, enabling mutual access between on-premises data centers (IDC) and cloud private networks (VPC).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_directconnect_direct_connect_gateway" "DirectConnectDirectConnectGatewayDemo" {
  description                 = "DirectConnectDirectConnectGatewayDemo-Description"
  direct_connect_gateway_name = "DirectConnectDirectConnectGatewayDemo"
  enable_ipv_6                = false
  project_name                = "default"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `bgp_asn` (Number) ASN (Autonomous System Number) of the Direct Connect Gateway. Valid ASN range: 137718, 64512–65534, 4200000000–4294967294, where 137718 is the ASN for Volcengine. If the Direct Connect Gateway is used in standard scenarios (such as a local IDC connecting to a single cloud VPC resource via dedicated connection), use the Volcengine ASN (137718). If used in special scenarios (such as a single IDC connecting to multiple Cloud Enterprise Networks via dedicated connection), each Direct Connect Gateway must use a custom ASN and avoid using the Volcengine ASN (137718), ensuring that ASNs are not duplicated across Direct Connect Gateways.
- `description` (String) Description for the dedicated gateway. Must start with a Chinese character, letter, or number, and can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, period (.), space ( ), underscore (_), hyphen (-), equals sign (=), English comma (,), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length is limited to 0 to 255 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is entered, the default is an empty string.
- `direct_connect_gateway_name` (String) Name of the Direct Connect Gateway. Must start with a Chinese character, letter, or number, and can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, periods (.), underscores (_), and hyphens (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is specified, the default is the Direct Connect Gateway ID.
- `enable_ipv_6` (Boolean) Whether IPv6 is supported. true: supported. false: not supported.
- `project_name` (String) Project to which the Direct Connect Gateway belongs.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) All tag information added to the Direct Connect Gateway.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) ID of the account to which the Direct Connect Gateway belongs.
- `associate_cens` (Attributes Set) Associated CEN information.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associate_cens))
- `associate_eic` (Attributes) Associated EIC information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associate_eic))
- `business_status` (String) Indicates whether the dedicated gateway is locked. Normal: normal. FinancialLocked: locked.
- `created_time` (String) Time when the Direct Connect Gateway was created.
- `deleted_time` (String) Expected forced resource reclamation time. This parameter returns a value only if the resource is frozen due to overdue payment; otherwise, it returns null.
- `direct_connect_gateway_id` (String) ID of the Direct Connect Gateway.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `lock_reason` (String) Reason for Direct Connect Gateway lock. unlock: not locked; financial: locked due to overdue payment; security: locked due to security reasons.
- `overdue_time` (String) Resource freeze time. This parameter returns a value only if the resource is frozen due to overdue payment; otherwise, it returns null.
- `status` (String) Status of the Direct Connect Gateway. Creating: creating. Deleting: deleting. Pending: configuring. Available: available.
- `updated_time` (String) Time when the Direct Connect Gateway was updated.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) User label tag key. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters.
- `value` (String) User label tag value. Length must be between 0 and 256 characters.


<a id="nestedatt--associate_cens"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associate_cens`

Read-Only:

- `cen_id` (String) ID of CEN.
- `cen_owner_id` (String) User ID of CEN.
- `cen_status` (String) Status of the instance in CEN. Attaching: attaching. Attached: attached.


<a id="nestedatt--associate_eic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associate_eic`

Read-Only:

- `eic_id` (String) ID of EIC.
- `eic_owner_id` (String) User ID of EIC.
- `eic_status` (String) Status of the instance in EIC.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_directconnect_direct_connect_gateway.example "direct_connect_gateway_id"
```