---
page_title: "volcenginecc_directconnect_gateway_route Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "DirectConnect"
description: |-
  Add a static route to the dedicated gateway.
---

# volcenginecc_directconnect_gateway_route (Resource)

Add a static route to the dedicated gateway.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_directconnect_gateway_route" "DirectConnectGatewayRouteDemo" {
  direct_connect_gateway_id = "dcg-****"
  next_hop_id               = "dcv-****"
  destination_cidr_block    = "192.168.1.0/28"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `destination_cidr_block` (String) Destination network segment of the dedicated gateway route.
- `direct_connect_gateway_id` (String) Dedicated gateway ID.
- `next_hop_id` (String) Next hop instance ID for the dedicated gateway route.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Account ID to which the dedicated gateway route belongs.
- `creation_time` (String) Time when the dedicated gateway route was created.
- `direct_connect_gateway_route_id` (String) Dedicated gateway route ID.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `next_hop_type` (String) Type of the next hop instance for the dedicated gateway route. Valid values: VIF: Virtual Interface CEN: Cloud Enterprise Network TransitRouter: Transit Router.
- `route_type` (String) Type of the dedicated gateway route. Valid values: BGP: BGP dynamic route Static: Static route CEN: Cloud Enterprise Network route, that is, after the dedicated gateway joins the Cloud Enterprise Network, routes synchronized from the Cloud Enterprise Network.
- `status` (String) Status of the dedicated gateway route. Creating: Creating Deleting: Deleting Pending: Configuring Available: Available.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_directconnect_gateway_route.example "direct_connect_gateway_route_id"
```
