---
page_title: "volcenginecc_directconnect_virtual_interface Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "DirectConnect"
description: |-
  The virtual interface is built on top of a physical dedicated line. It is a logical interface that enables the local data center (IDC) to connect to different private networks in the cloud via the physical dedicated line. Supports both static routing and BGP routing. This operation uses BGP routing.
---

# volcenginecc_directconnect_virtual_interface (Resource)

The virtual interface is built on top of a physical dedicated line. It is a logical interface that enables the local data center (IDC) to connect to different private networks in the cloud via the physical dedicated line. Supports both static routing and BGP routing. This operation uses BGP routing.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_directconnect_virtual_interface" "DirectConnectVirtualInterfaceDemo" {
  local_ipv_6_ip               = "2408:xxxx:cc:400::1/64"
  description                  = "生产环境虚拟接口"
  direct_connect_gateway_id    = "dcg-****"
  direct_connect_connection_id = "dcc-****"
  peer_ip                      = "192.168.100.2/30"
  enable_bfd_echo              = false
  enable_nqa                   = false
  bfd_detect_multiplier        = 3
  peer_ipv_6_ip                = "2408:xxxx:cc:400::2/64"
  route_type                   = "BGP"
  virtual_interface_name       = "prod-virtual-interface"
  local_ip                     = "192.168.100.1/30"
  enable_bfd                   = true
  bandwidth                    = 50
  vlan_id                      = 2111
  tags = [
    {
      value = "env"
      key   = "test"
    }
  ]
  bfd_detect_interval = 1000
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `direct_connect_connection_id` (String) ID of the physical dedicated line associated with the virtual interface.
- `direct_connect_gateway_id` (String) ID of the dedicated gateway associated with the virtual interface.
- `local_ip` (String) Local gateway interconnection IP address of the virtual interface.
- `peer_ip` (String) Peer gateway interconnection IP address of the virtual interface.
- `vlan_id` (Number) VLAN ID of the virtual interface.

### Optional

- `bandwidth` (Number) Bandwidth limit of the virtual interface, in Mbps.
- `bfd_detect_interval` (Number) BFD detection interval (ms).
- `bfd_detect_multiplier` (Number) BFD detection count.
- `description` (String) Description of the virtual interface.
- `enable_bfd` (Boolean) Enable BFD detection. true: enabled false: disabled.
- `enable_bfd_echo` (Boolean) Enable BFD detection echo packet mode. true: enabled false: disabled.
- `enable_nqa` (Boolean) Is NQA detection enabled? true: enabled false: not enabled.
- `local_ipv_6_ip` (String) IPv6 address of the local gateway interconnection IP for the virtual interface.
- `nqa_detect_interval` (Number) Interval for sending consecutive probe packets in NQA detection.
- `nqa_detect_multiplier` (Number) NQA detection count. If the number of consecutive NQA detection failures reaches the set count, the link is considered faulty.
- `peer_ipv_6_ip` (String) IPv6 address of the peer gateway interconnection IP for the virtual interface.
- `route_type` (String) Route type of the virtual interface.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) All tag information added to the virtual interface.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `virtual_interface_name` (String) Name of the virtual interface.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) ID of the account to which the dedicated line gateway belongs.
- `creation_time` (String) Time when the virtual interface was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) Status of the virtual interface. Creating: creating Deleting: deleting Pending: configuring Available: available.
- `update_time` (String) Time when the virtual interface was updated.
- `virtual_interface_id` (String) ID of the virtual interface.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key (Key) of the virtual interface tag. Parameter   - N   - indicates the sequence number of the tag key (Key), with a range of 1, 2, 3, …, 49, 50. N must be in continuous ascending order. Multiple tag keys (Key) are separated by &. Cannot start with sys: in any case. sys: is reserved for system tags and cannot be created. Length range: 1–128 characters. Supports input in any language, numbers, spaces (), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equal signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and at signs (@).
- `value` (String) Tag value (Value) of the virtual interface tag. Parameter   - N   - indicates the sequence number of the tag value (Value), with a range of 1, 2, 3, …, 49, 50. N must be in continuous ascending order. Multiple tag values (Value) are separated by &. Length range: 0–256 characters. If not specified, the default is empty. Supports input in any language, numbers, spaces (), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equal signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and at signs (@). Case sensitive. Cannot start or end with a space. Note: If Tags.N.Value is provided, Tags.N.Key must also be provided.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_directconnect_virtual_interface.example "virtual_interface_id"
```
