---
page_title: "volcenginecc_directconnect_connection Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "DirectConnect"
description: |-
  The physical connection is a dedicated physical connection resource in the dedicated connection service, used to connect the local IDC to the Volcano Engine access point
---

# volcenginecc_directconnect_connection (Resource)

The physical connection is a dedicated physical connection resource in the dedicated connection service, used to connect the local IDC to the Volcano Engine access point

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_directconnect_connection" "Example" {
  bandwidth                      = 500
  customer_contact_email         = "zhaoliu@example.com"
  customer_contact_phone         = "136xxxx6000"
  customer_name                  = "赵六"
  description                    = "其他运营商物理专线"
  direct_connect_access_point_id = "ap-cn-beijing-cy-A"
  direct_connect_connection_name = "其他运营商专线"
  line_operator                  = "ChinaTelecom"
  peer_location                  = "深圳市南山区某IDC"
  port_spec                      = "1G"
  port_type                      = "1000Base"
  project_name                   = "default"
  tags = [{
    key   = "env"
    value = "test"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bandwidth` (Number) Line bandwidth in Mbps. If not specified, defaults to the port specification bandwidth. 1000Base specification range: 1 ~ 1000; 10GBase specification range: 1 ~ 10000; 40GBase specification range: 1 ~ 40000; 100GBase specification range: 1 ~ 100000
- `customer_contact_email` (String) Email address of the dedicated connection contact
- `customer_contact_phone` (String) Phone number of the dedicated connection contact
- `customer_name` (String) Name of the dedicated connection contact
- `direct_connect_access_point_id` (String) ID of the physical connection access point. You can call DescribeDirectConnectAccessPoints to query access point information
- `line_operator` (String) Operator of the physical dedicated line. ChinaTelecom refers to China Telecom, ChinaMobile refers to China Mobile, ChinaUnicom refers to China Unicom, ChinaOther refers to other operators in China with the required telecom business qualifications. Only international operators are allowed in bp environments.
- `peer_location` (String) Local IDC address or the remote access point of the physical dedicated line.
- `port_spec` (String) Port specification of the physical dedicated line. Dedicated lines support 1G, 10G, 40G, and 100G. 40G and 100G are not enabled by default; contact your account manager to request a trial.
- `port_type` (String) Port type of the physical connection. 1000Base: 1G optical port; 10GBase: 10G optical port; 40GBase: 40G optical port; 100GBase: 100G optical port. 40GBase and 100GBase are not open by default; contact your account manager to request a trial

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the physical connection. Length limit: 0 ~ 255 characters
- `direct_connect_connection_name` (String) Name of the physical connection. Must start with a Chinese character, letter, or number, and can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, period (.), space, underscore (_), hyphen (-), equals sign (=), English comma (,), Chinese comma (，), Chinese period (。). Length limit: 1 ~ 128 characters
- `project_name` (String) Project to which the physical dedicated line belongs. If left blank, the default project is used.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) All tag information added to the physical connection
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Account ID of the physical connection owner
- `billing_type` (Number) Connection billing type. Currently only 1 is supported, indicating annual/monthly subscription billing
- `business_status` (String) Billing status of the connection. Normal: normal; FinancialLocked: locked
- `connection_type` (String) Type of the physical connection. DedicatedConnection: dedicated connection; SharedConnection: shared connection
- `creation_time` (String) Time when the physical connection was created
- `deleted_time` (String) Expected resource forced reclaim time
- `direct_connect_connection_id` (String) ID of the physical dedicated line.
- `expect_bandwidth` (Number) Expected bandwidth of the physical connection in Mbps
- `expired_time` (String) Connection expiration time
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `parent_connection_account_id` (String) Account ID of the physical connection associated with the shared connection. If the physical connection type is DedicatedConnection, this parameter returns empty
- `parent_connection_id` (String) ID of the physical dedicated line to which the shared dedicated line belongs. If the physical dedicated line type is dedicated, this parameter returns empty.
- `status` (String) Status of the physical connection. Creating: being created; Deleting: being deleted; Pending: being configured; Available: available; Initial: applying; Allocated: under construction; Rejected: application rejected; UnConfirmed: waiting for acceptance; NoPayment: pending payment
- `update_time` (String) Time when the physical dedicated line was updated.
- `vlan_id` (Number) VLAN ID of the shared connection. If the physical connection type is DedicatedConnection, returns 0

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key. Cannot start with volc: or sys:. Length range: 1 ~ 128 characters
- `value` (String) Tag value. Length range: 0 ~ 256 characters. If not specified, defaults to empty

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_directconnect_connection.example "direct_connect_connection_id"
```
