---
page_title: "volcenginecc_dns_record Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  DNS record resource, used to create, query, update, delete, and list a single DNS record under a specified domain name.
---

# volcenginecc_dns_record (Resource)

DNS record resource, used to create, query, update, delete, and list a single DNS record under a specified domain name.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_dns_record" "DNSRecordDemo" {
  zid    = "xxxxxx"
  host   = "test"
  type   = "CNAME"
  value  = "test1.example1.com"
  line   = "default"
  remark = "test"
  ttl    = 601
  weight = 2
  enable = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) Host record, the prefix of the subdomain; `@` represents the root domain itself.
- `type` (String) Record type, such as `A`, `AAAA`, `CNAME`, `NS`, `MX`, `SRV`, `TXT`.
- `value` (String) Record value of the DNS record.
- `zid` (String) Domain name ID, can be obtained via interfaces such as `ListZones`.

### Optional

- `enable` (Boolean) Whether the DNS record is enabled; if disabled, the record is inactive.
- `line` (String) Line code corresponding to the DNS record, such as `default`.
- `remark` (String) Remarks for the DNS record, supports UTF-8 encoding and up to 16 characters.
- `ttl` (Number) Expiration time of the DNS record, in seconds.
- `weight` (Number) Weight of the DNS record, effective only when load balancing is enabled for the record set.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Creation time of the DNS record.
- `fqdn` (String) Host name included in the DNS record, using FQDN (Fully Qualified Domain Name) format; this field is deprecated.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `operators` (Set of String) List of account IDs that recently operated on this DNS record.
- `pqdn` (String) Host name included in the DNS record, using PQDN (Partially Qualified Domain Name) format.
- `record_id` (String) Unique ID of the DNS record.
- `record_set_id` (String) ID of the record set containing the DNS record; returned only for A, AAAA, and CNAME types.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tag information for the DNS record; if it contains `GTMLock`, the record is associated with a GTM instance.
- `updated_at` (String) Last updated time of the DNS record.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_dns_record.example "zid|record_id"
```
