---
page_title: "volcenginecc_dns_zone Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  The zone in the resource is the domain name, which can be a primary domain such as example.com or a subdomain such as abc.example.com
---

# volcenginecc_dns_zone (Resource)

The zone in the resource is the domain name, which can be a primary domain such as example.com or a subdomain such as abc.example.com

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_dns_zone" "DnsZoneDemo" {
  zone_name    = "DnsZoneDemo"
  remark       = "test"
  project_name = "default"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone_name` (String) Domain name.

### Optional

- `project_name` (String) Domain project.
- `remark` (String) Domain notes
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags for the domain. Default is empty.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `allocate_dns_server_list` (Set of String) List of DNS servers assigned to the domain by Cloud DNS
- `auto_renew` (Boolean) Whether domain auto-renewal is enabled. true: Auto-renewal enabled. false: Auto-renewal disabled.
- `cache_stage` (Number) Domain ownership status. This parameter has the following values: 0: You are the domain owner. After adding this domain, you can manage its DNS resolution. 1: You are not the domain owner. After adding this domain, its status is 'domain reclaim pending.' To manage DNS resolution, you must verify domain ownership in the console as prompted.
- `created_time` (String) Domain creation time.
- `dns_security` (String) Version of DNS DDoS protection service. dns_security_standard_inner: Standard protection edition. "": No protection edition.
- `expired_time` (Number) Instance expiration time. Format is Unix timestamp. For Cloud DNS Free Edition, this field is null.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID. For Cloud DNS Free Edition, this field is null.
- `instance_no` (String) Instance ID. For Cloud DNS Free Edition, this field is null.
- `is_ns_correct` (Boolean) Whether the DNS server configuration is correct. If configured correctly, the domain status in Cloud DNS is Normal. This parameter has the following values: true: The DNS server list in RealDNSServerList includes all DNS servers in AllocateDNSServerList. In this case, the DNS server configuration is correct. false: The DNS server list in RealDNSServerList includes only some or none of the DNS servers in AllocateDNSServerList. In this case, the DNS server configuration is incorrect.
- `is_sub_domain` (Boolean) Whether it is a subdomain. true: Subdomain. false: Primary domain.
- `last_operator` (String) ID of the account that created the domain.
- `real_dns_server_list` (Set of String) List of DNS servers actually used by the domain.
- `record_count` (Number) Total number of DNS records contained in the domain.
- `stage` (Number) Domain status. This parameter has the following values: 0: Normal. In this state, the domain's DNS resolution records are active. 1: Domain reclaim pending. In this state, the domain's DNS resolution records are inactive. This status indicates you are not the owner of the domain. If you need to manage DNS resolution, you must verify domain ownership. 2: TrafficRoute not used for resolution. In this state, the domain's DNS resolution records are inactive. This status means the DNS server assigned to the domain is not a Cloud DNS server. 3: Abnormal. In this state, the domain's DNS resolution records are inactive. Common causes for this status include: the domain is disabled by the registry or registrar due to lack of real-name verification; DNS server not configured; domain not registered; API timeout when querying the domain, possibly due to network issues. 5: Please change DNS server. This status means you need to update the domain's DNS server to the newly assigned Cloud DNS server due to service upgrade or change.
- `sub_domain_host` (String) Prefix of the subdomain. If the domain is not a subdomain, this parameter is null.
- `trade_code` (String) Domain feature version. This parameter has the following values: free_inner: Free Edition; professional_inner: Professional Edition; enterprise_inner: Enterprise Edition; ultimate_inner: Flagship Edition; ultimate_exclusive_inner: Premium Edition.
- `updated_time` (String) Last update time for the domain. Update operations include: updating domain remarks, creating DNS records under the domain.
- `zid` (String) Domain ID.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key
- `value` (String) Tag value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_dns_zone.example "zid"
```