---
page_title: "volcenginecc_ecs_instance Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "ECS"
description: |-
  Represents an Elastic Compute Service (ECS) instance resource.
---

# volcenginecc_ecs_instance (Resource)

Represents an Elastic Compute Service (ECS) instance resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_ecs_instance" "EcsInstanceDemo" {
  password                    = "**********"
  instance_charge_type        = "PostPaid"
  instance_name               = "EcsInstanceDemo"
  spot_strategy               = "NoSpot"
  hostname                    = "EcsInstanceDemo"
  description                 = "EcsInstanceDemo Description"
  project_name                = "default"
  instance_type               = "ecs.g4i.large"
  deletion_protection         = false
  zone_id                     = "cn-beijing-a"
  deployment_set_id           = "dps-ydzccfzqjoaa98kxxxxx"
  deployment_set_group_number = 1
  image = {
    image_id = "image-aagd56zrw2jtdroxxxxx"
  }
  vpc_id = "vpc-rrco37ovjq4gv0x58zxxxxx"
  eip_address = {
    charge_type           = "PayByTraffic"
    bandwidth_mbps        = 5
    isp                   = "BGP"
    release_with_instance = false
    bandwidth_package_id  = ""
  }
  primary_network_interface = {
    security_group_ids  = ["sg-1v9zvjkmx14w51j8e73xxxxx"]
    subnet_id           = "subnet-rrwqhg3qzxfkv0x57gxxxxx"
    ipv_6_address_count = 1
  }
  secondary_network_interfaces = [
    {
      security_group_ids = ["sg-1v9zvjkmx14w51j8e73xxxxx"]
    subnet_id = "subnet-rrwqhg3qzxfkv0x57gxxxxx" }
  ]
  placement = {
    affinity                  = "Default"
    dedicated_host_cluster_id = ""
    tenancy                   = "Default"
    dedicated_host_id         = ""
  }
  system_volume = {
    size                 = 50
    delete_with_instance = true
    volume_type          = "ESSD_FlexPL"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `image` (Attributes) The image of the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image))
- `instance_name` (String) Instance name
    - Must start with a letter or Chinese character
    - Can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, underscores "_", hyphens "-", and periods "."
    - Length limit: 1–128 characters
- `instance_type` (String) Instance specification.
    - Product selection: You can refer to [Instance Specifications Introduction](https://www.volcengine.com/docs/6396/70840) or call [DescribeInstanceTypes](https://www.volcengine.com/docs/6396/92769) to view performance data, and refer to [Instance Selection Best Practices](https://www.volcengine.com/docs/6396/74174) to learn how to choose specifications.
    - Inventory query: You can call [DescribeAvailableResource](https://www.volcengine.com/docs/6396/76279) to check available compute resources in the zone.
- `primary_network_interface` (Attributes) Primary network interface card of the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--primary_network_interface))
- `system_volume` (Attributes) The system volume of the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--system_volume))
- `zone_id` (String) The availability zone ID where the instance is located.

### Optional

- `affinity_group_size` (Number) Affinity group specification. Value: 2.
  
  **Note:**
    - Currently, only high performance computing NPU-type hpcpci3 instances (by invitation) support affinity groups.
    - This feature is in invitation testing. To try it, please contact your account manager.
- `auto_pay` (Boolean) Auto payment option. Valid values: true: Auto payment. Ensure your account balance is sufficient; if the balance is insufficient, an exception order will be generated and the billing mode conversion will fail. false (default): Only generates the order without charging. You can log in to the order management page to complete payment after the order is generated.
- `auto_renew` (Boolean) Whether the instance will be automatically renewed upon expiration. Values:
    - true: Auto renewal
    - false (default): No auto renewal
  
  **Note:**
  This parameter is effective only when `InstanceChargeType` is set to `PrePaid`.
- `auto_renew_period` (Number) Duration for each automatic renewal.
    - This parameter takes effect only when `AutoRenew` is set to `True`. Default value is 1.
    - When `PeriodUnit` is `Month`, valid values are 1, 2, 3, 6, 12.
- `cpu_max_frequency` (Number) Specify the maximum CPU frequency, in GHz. Value range: between the CPU's base frequency and turbo frequency.
  
  **Note:**
    - Currently, only g3al, c3al, r3al, g4i, c4i, r4i, g4ie, c4ie, r4ie instances support this parameter. For base/turbo frequencies and more information, see [Instance Specifications Introduction](https://www.volcengine.com/docs/6396/70840).
    - This feature is in invitation-only testing. To use it, please contact your account manager.
- `credit_specification` (String) Burstable instance operating mode. Values:
    - Standard: Standard mode.
    - Unlimited: Unlimited performance mode (not supported yet).
  
  **Note:**
    - This parameter is only effective when `InstanceTypeId` is set to ecs.t2 series, i.e., burstable instances.
    - If not specified or left empty, burstable instances default to `Standard` mode.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) Instance deletion protection attribute, specifies whether the instance can be deleted via the console or API. Values:
    - true: Enable instance deletion protection
    - false (default): Disable instance deletion protection
  When deletion protection is enabled, attempts to delete the instance via the console or API will return a deletion failure error code. To delete the instance, disable deletion protection first
- `deployment_set_group_number` (Number) When the deployment set policy for an ECS instance is set to Availability Group, you can use this parameter to specify the group number of the instance within the deployment set. Value range: 1–7.
- `deployment_set_id` (String) The deployment set ID the instance needs to join.
    - You can call the [DescribeDeploymentSets](https://www.volcengine.com/docs/6396/70873) API to query existing deployment sets.
    - For more information about deployment sets, see [Deployment Set](https://www.volcengine.com/docs/6396/70871).
- `description` (String) The description of the instance. Default is an empty string.
    - Must start with a letter or Chinese character
    - Can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, period '.', space, underscore '_', hyphen '-', equals '=', English comma ',', Chinese comma '，', and Chinese period '。'
    - Maximum length is 255 characters
- `eip_address` (Attributes) The EIP address of the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--eip_address))
- `enable_jumbo_frame` (Boolean) Whether jumbo frames are enabled for the instance. Values:
    - false: Jumbo frames are disabled. All network interfaces have an MTU of 1500.
    - true: Jumbo frames are enabled. All network interfaces have an MTU of 8500
- `hostname` (String) Instance hostname, which is the computer name inside the instance operating system.
    - Linux instances:
      - Letters, numbers, periods ('.'), and hyphens ('-') are allowed.
      - Cannot start or end with a hyphen or period, and cannot use consecutive hyphens and periods.
      - Linux system hostname length must be between 2 and 63 characters.
    - Windows instances:
      - Letters, numbers, and hyphens ('-') are allowed, but the hostname cannot be all numbers.
      - Cannot start or end with a hyphen, and cannot use consecutive hyphens.
      - Windows system hostname length must be between 2 and 15 characters.
- `hpc_cluster_id` (String) ID of the high performance computing cluster to which the instance belongs.
  
  **Note:**
  This parameter is only effective and required when creating high performance computing GPU instances.
- `include_data_volumes` (Boolean) Whether to convert all pay-as-you-go data disks attached to the instance to subscription data disks. true: Convert. false (default): Do not convert.
- `install_run_command_agent` (Boolean) Whether to install Cloud Assistant Agent when creating the instance. Values: true: Install during creation. false (default): Do not install during creation.
- `instance_charge_type` (String) The billing type for the instance and cloud disk. Values:
    - PostPaid: Pay-as-you-go
    - PrePaid: Subscription. Please ensure your account supports balance payment or credit payment, otherwise an InvalidInstanceChargeType error will be returned.
- `key_pair` (Attributes) Instance key pair name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--key_pair))
- `password` (String) The password of the instance.
- `period` (Number) Resource purchase duration (N).
    - When `PeriodUnit` is `Month` (default), valid values are 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 12, 24, 36, 48, 60.
    - When `PeriodUnit` is `Year`, valid values are 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
  
  **Note:**
  This parameter is valid and required only when `InstanceChargeType` is set to `PrePaid`.
- `period_unit` (String) The unit for the duration of resource purchase. Values:
    - Month (default): Month
    - Year: Year
  
  **Note:**
  This parameter is effective only when `InstanceChargeType` is set to `PrePaid`.
- `placement` (Attributes) The deployment information of the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--placement))
- `project_name` (String) Project name to which the instance belongs.
- `renew_info` (Attributes) Renewal information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--renew_info))
- `role_names` (Set of String) IAM role name bound to the instance
- `secondary_network_interfaces` (Attributes List) Auxiliary network interface card of the instance.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secondary_network_interfaces))
- `spot_price_limit` (Number) Maximum hourly price for spot instances.
    - Supports up to three decimal places.
    - Only effective when `SpotStrategy` is set to `SpotWithPriceLimit`.
    - When `SpotStrategy` is set to `SpotWithPriceLimit`, you can set a custom price limit for the spot instance. If the market price exceeds your bid, the instance will be released. When `SpotStrategy` is set to `SpotAsPriceGo`, you accept the system's automatic bidding, following the current market price, and this parameter does not need to be filled in.
- `spot_strategy` (String) Spot strategy. Values:
    - NoSpot (default): Non-spot instance.
    - SpotWithPriceLimit: Spot instance with price limit.
    - SpotAsPriceGo: System bids automatically, following the current market price for spot instances.
- `status` (String) Instance status. Values:
  CREATING: Creating
  RUNNING: Running
  STOPPING: Stopping
  STOPPED: Stopped
  REBOOTING: Rebooting
  STARTING: Starting
  REBUILDING: Rebuilding
  RESIZING: Resizing
  ERROR: Error
  DELETING: Deleting
- `stopped_mode` (String) StoppedMode string Optional Example value: KeepCharging
  Stopped mode. Valid values:
  KeepCharging: Standard stopped mode. After stopping, the instance and its associated resources are retained and continue to be billed. Charges remain the same as before stopping.
  StopCharging: Cost-saving stopped mode. After stopping, the instance's computing resources (vCPU, GPU, and memory) are reclaimed and billing stops. Attached cloud disks, images, and public IPs are retained and continue to be billed.
  For conditions to enable cost-saving stopped mode, see the description of cost-saving stopped mode for pay-as-you-go billing.
  Default value: If you have enabled the default cost-saving stopped mode in the cloud server console and meet the conditions, the default value is StopCharging. Otherwise, the default value is KeepCharging.
  NotApplicable: Indicates that this instance does not support cost-saving stopped mode.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `user_data` (String) Custom data for the instance. Default is empty. The final UserData passed will be Base64 encoded.
    - Linux instances: Script content must not exceed 16 KB and must be Base64 encoded.
    - Windows instances: Script content must not exceed 8 KB and does not require Base64 encoding

### Read-Only

- `affinity_group_id` (String) Affinity group ID.
- `cpu_memory` (Attributes) The CPU options for the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cpu_memory))
- `created_at` (String) Instance creation time.
- `elastic_scheduled_instance_type` (String) Elastic reservation instance type. Values: NoEsi: Non-elastic reservation instance. Esi: Elastic reservation instance. Segmented: Elastic reservation instance   - time segment type.
- `expired_at` (String) The expiration time of the instance.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `instance_id` (String) The ECS instance ID.
- `local_volumes` (Attributes Set) Local disk configuration information for the instance
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--local_volumes))
- `operation_system` (Attributes) The operating system type of the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--operation_system))
- `rdma_ip_addresses` (Set of String) When querying high performance computing GPU instances, returns the RDMA IP addresses of each network interface card in a list.
- `rdma_network_interface_details` (Attributes Set) RDMA information for each network interface.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rdma_network_interface_details))
- `updated_at` (String) The update time of the instance.
- `vpc_id` (String) The private network ID to which the instance belongs. You can call the [DescribeVpcs](https://www.volcengine.com/docs/6563/66127) API to obtain VPC information for the target region.

<a id="nestedatt--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image`

Required:

- `image_id` (String) Instance image ID.

Optional:

- `image_release_version` (String) The image release version of the instance.
- `keep_image_credential` (Boolean) Whether the instance retains image credentials
- `security_enhancement_strategy` (String) Instance security enhancement policy. Active: Enable security hardening, applies only to public images. InActive: Disable security hardening, applies to all images


<a id="nestedatt--primary_network_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `primary_network_interface`

Optional:

- `ipv_6_address_count` (Number) The number of IPv6 addresses for the instance.
- `primary_ip_address` (String) Instance primary IP address
- `private_ip_addresses` (Set of String) Instance private IP address.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) Instance security group ID
- `subnet_id` (String) Instance subnet ID.
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID of the instance.

Read-Only:

- `ipv_6_addresses` (Set of String) IPv6 address of the instance.
- `mac_address` (String) Instance MAC address.
- `network_interface_id` (String) The network interface ID of the instance.


<a id="nestedatt--system_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `system_volume`

Optional:

- `delete_with_instance` (Boolean) Whether the attached resources are deleted along with the instance.
- `extra_performance_iops` (Number) Additional performance IOPS for the instance
- `extra_performance_throughput_mb` (Number) The additional performance throughput of the instance, in MB.
- `extra_performance_type_id` (String) Type of additional performance. Values:
  Balance: Balanced additional performance
  IOPS: IOPS additional performance
  Throughput: Throughput additional performance
- `size` (Number) Instance size, in GiB
- `snapshot_id` (String) Instance snapshot ID
- `volume_type` (String) Cloud disk type. Values:
  PTSSD: Performance SSD.
  ESSD_PL0: Ultra SSD disk, PL0 specification.
  ESSD_FlexPL: Ultra SSD disk, FlexPL specification.
  TSSD_TL0: Throughput SSD disk.

Read-Only:

- `volume_id` (String) Instance volume ID.


<a id="nestedatt--eip_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `eip_address`

Optional:

- `bandwidth_mbps` (Number) Maximum bandwidth for public IP. Default value is 1, unit: Mbps.
    - If `ChargeType` is `PayByBandwidth`: value range is 1–500.
    - If `ChargeType` is `PayByTraffic`: value range is 1–200.
- `bandwidth_package_id` (String) Shared bandwidth package ID, used to add a public IP to the shared bandwidth package.
    - You can call the [DescribeBandwidthPackages](https://www.volcengine.com/docs/6623/100685) API to query the shared bandwidth package ID.
    - To add a public IP to a shared bandwidth package, all of the following conditions must be met:
      - Both must have the same security protection type.
      - Both must be in the same region.
      - The public IP must use pay-as-you-go billing.
      - The shared bandwidth package must be IPv4 type.
- `charge_type` (String) Public IP billing method. Values:
    - PayByBandwidth (default): Pay-as-you-go—billed by bandwidth cap.
    - PayByTraffic: Pay-as-you-go—billed by actual traffic.
    - PrePaid: Subscription.
  
  **Note:**
  When `InstanceChargeType` is set to `PostPaid`, this parameter cannot be set to `PrePaid`.
- `isp` (String) Line type for the public IP. Default is BGP. Values:
    - BGP: BGP (multi-line)
    - If your account has applied for and enabled static single-line permissions, you can use the following values:
      - ChinaMobile: China Mobile static single-line
      - ChinaTelecom: China Telecom static single-line
      - ChinaUnicom: China Unicom static single-line
    - If your account has applied for and enabled BGP single-line permissions, you can use SingleLine_BGP.
    - If your account has applied for and enabled static BGP permissions, you can use Static_BGP
- `release_with_instance` (Boolean) Whether this resource is released when the instance is released.
- `security_protection_instance_id` (Number) DDoS Native Protection (Enterprise Edition) ID.
- `security_protection_types` (Set of String) Public IP security protection type.

Read-Only:

- `allocation_id` (String) Instance allocation ID
- `ip_address` (String) Instance IP address.


<a id="nestedatt--key_pair"></a>
### Nested Schema for `key_pair`

Optional:

- `key_pair_name` (String) Instance key pair name

Read-Only:

- `key_pair_id` (String) Instance public key


<a id="nestedatt--placement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `placement`

Optional:

- `affinity` (String) For ECS instances in economy stop mode, some resources are released after stopping. This parameter indicates whether the ECS instance will remain deployed on the original host when restarted. Values: Host: When restarting an instance in economy stop mode, it will remain on the original host. Default: When restarting an instance in economy stop mode, it will preferentially migrate to a host that supports automatic deployment; if resources are insufficient, it will start on the original host.
- `dedicated_host_cluster_id` (String) Instance dedicated host cluster ID.
- `dedicated_host_id` (String) Dedicated host ID for the instance.
- `tenancy` (String) Whether to create the instance on a dedicated host. Values: Default: Create a regular cloud server instance. Host: Create a dedicated host instance. If you do not specify DedicatedHostId, the system automatically selects a dedicated host to place the instance.


<a id="nestedatt--renew_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `renew_info`

Optional:

- `period` (Number) Number of months for renewal. Valid values: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 12, 24, 36.
- `period_unit` (String) Time unit for renewal duration, i.e., the unit for the Period parameter. Value: Month (default)


<a id="nestedatt--secondary_network_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secondary_network_interfaces`

Optional:

- `ipv_6_address_count` (Number) The number of IPv6 addresses for the instance.
- `primary_ip_address` (String) Instance primary IP address
- `private_ip_addresses` (Set of String) Instance private IP address.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) Instance security group ID
- `subnet_id` (String) Instance subnet ID.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Instance key.
- `value` (String) Instance value.


<a id="nestedatt--cpu_memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cpu_memory`

Read-Only:

- `core_count` (Number) Number of instance cores.
- `cpu_number` (Number) Number of vCPUs for the instance.
- `memory_size` (Number) Instance memory size (MB).
- `threads_per_core` (Number) Threads per core for the instance.


<a id="nestedatt--local_volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_volumes`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) The number of local disks attached to the instance.
- `size` (Number) Capacity of each local disk mounted to the instance (GiB).
- `volume_type` (String) Local disk type. Values: LOCAL_SSD: SSD local disk. LOCAL_HDD: HDD local disk.


<a id="nestedatt--operation_system"></a>
### Nested Schema for `operation_system`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Instance operating system name.
- `type` (String) Operating system type of the instance. Linux: Linux system. Windows: Windows system.


<a id="nestedatt--rdma_network_interface_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rdma_network_interface_details`

Read-Only:

- `gateway` (String) Gateway address.
- `ip` (String) IP address
- `mask` (String) Subnet mask.
- `switch_name` (String) Switch name.
- `switch_port` (String) Switch port.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_ecs_instance.example "instance_id"
```