---
page_title: "volcenginecc_ecs_deployment_set Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "ECS"
description: |-
  A deployment set is a strategy that controls the distribution of instances at the underlying hardware level, enabling physical-level security isolation. By creating deployment sets, you can distribute instances across different underlying hardware to ensure disaster recovery and high availability for your business.
---

# volcenginecc_ecs_deployment_set (Resource)

A deployment set is a strategy that controls the distribution of instances at the underlying hardware level, enabling physical-level security isolation. By creating deployment sets, you can distribute instances across different underlying hardware to ensure disaster recovery and high availability for your business.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_ecs_deployment_set" "EcsDeploymentSetDemo" {
  description                 = "this is a test DeploymentSet"
  deployment_set_name         = "test-deployment-set"
  granularity                 = "host"
  instance_ids                = ["i-yedvixxxxxva4izkjtl"]
  deployment_set_group_number = 1
  strategy                    = "Availability"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `deployment_set_name` (String) Deployment set name. Cannot start with a digit, hyphen, or underscore. Can only contain Chinese characters, letters, digits, underscores, and hyphens. Length limit: 1–128 characters.

### Optional

- `deployment_set_group_number` (Number) Deployment set group index. Value range: 1–7.
- `description` (String) Deployment set description. Must start with a letter or Chinese character. Can only contain Chinese characters, letters, digits, period '.', space, underscore '_', hyphen '-', equals '=', English comma ',', Chinese comma '，', and Chinese period '。'. Length limit: within 255 characters.
- `granularity` (String) Deployment granularity. Options: host: physical machine. rack: rack. switch: switch.
- `group_count` (Number) Number of deployment set groups. Set the group count for the deployment set group high availability policy. Value range: 1–7. Default: 7.
- `instance_ids` (Set of String) List of ECS instance IDs in the deployment set.
- `strategy` (String) Deployment policy. Options: Availability (default): high availability policy. AvailabilityGroup: deployment set group high availability policy.

### Read-Only

- `capacities` (Attributes Set) Instance launch template version information.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capacities))
- `created_at` (String) Deployment set creation time.
- `deployment_set_id` (String) Deployment set ID.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `instance_amount` (Number) Number of ECS instances in the deployment set.

<a id="nestedatt--capacities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacities`

Read-Only:

- `available_count` (Number) You can also include the number of ECS instances in the current deployment set within this availability zone.
- `used_count` (Number) Number of ECS instances in the deployment set that belong to this availability zone.
- `zone_id` (String) Availability zone ID. Only returns the availability zone ID for ECS instances in the deployment set.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_ecs_deployment_set.example "deployment_set_id"
```