---
page_title: "volcenginecc_ecs_keypair Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "ECS"
description: |-
  ECS key pair (Keypair) is generated by default using the RSA 2048-bit encryption algorithm, producing a pair of associated keys: a public key and a private key. The public key is used to encrypt data, converting plaintext into unreadable ciphertext. The private key is the sole credential for decryption, restoring ciphertext to its original plaintext, ensuring secure authentication and data transmission.
---

# volcenginecc_ecs_keypair (Resource)

ECS key pair (Keypair) is generated by default using the RSA 2048-bit encryption algorithm, producing a pair of associated keys: a public key and a private key. The public key is used to encrypt data, converting plaintext into unreadable ciphertext. The private key is the sole credential for decryption, restoring ciphertext to its original plaintext, ensuring secure authentication and data transmission.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_ecs_keypair" "ECSKeypairDemo" {
  key_pair_name = "ECSKeypairDemo"
  project_name  = "default"
  description   = "ECSKeypairDemo Description"
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "env"
      value = "test"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key_pair_name` (String) Key pair name. Must not duplicate existing names. Length must be between 2 and 64 characters. Periods ('.') can be used to separate the name into segments. Each segment can contain uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, or hyphens ('-'). The name cannot start or end with '-' or '.', and cannot contain consecutive '-' or '.'.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the key pair. The default value is an empty string. Must start with a letter or Chinese character. Can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, period ('.'), space, underscore ('_'), hyphen ('-'), equals sign ('='), English comma (','), Chinese comma ('，'), and Chinese period ('。'). Length must not exceed 255 characters.
- `instance_ids` (Set of String) Instance ID for the operation.
- `project_name` (String) Project to which the resource belongs. Each resource can belong to only one project. Can only contain letters, numbers, underscore ('_'), period ('.'), and hyphen ('-'). Length must not exceed 64 characters.
- `public_key` (String) Public key information of the key pair.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags of the key pair.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (String) Creation time of the key pair.
- `finger_print` (String) Fingerprint of the key pair. The public key fingerprint format is defined by RFC4716 and uses the MD5 hash algorithm.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `key_pair_id` (String) Unique ID of the key pair.
- `updated_time` (String) Update time of the key pair.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key.
- `value` (String) Tag value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_ecs_keypair.example "key_pair_name"
```