---
page_title: "volcenginecc_ecs_invocation Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "ECS"
description: |-
  Cloud Assistant is a native automated operations tool developed by Volcano Engine. You can create jobs for immediate, periodic, or scheduled execution. After creation, the Cloud Assistant client automatically starts execution according to the execution mode.
---

# volcenginecc_ecs_invocation (Resource)

Cloud Assistant is a native automated operations tool developed by Volcano Engine. You can create jobs for immediate, periodic, or scheduled execution. After creation, the Cloud Assistant client automatically starts execution according to the execution mode.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_ecs_invocation" "InvocationDemo" {
  invocation_name        = "InvocationDemo"
  invocation_description = "InvocationDemo desc"
  working_dir            = "/home"
  username               = "InvocationDemo"
  windows_password       = "********"
  timeout                = 60
  instance_ids           = ["i-ye2v6l0pvkqc6inxxxxx"]
  repeat_mode            = "Rate"
  frequency              = "1h"
  launch_time            = "2025-08-30T11:10Z"
  recurrence_end_time    = "2025-08-31T11:04Z"
  project_name           = "default"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
  command_id = "cmd-ye28kugp249tzrexxxxx"
  parameters = "{\"dirname\":\"10\"}"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `command_id` (String) Command ID.
- `instance_ids` (Set of String) Instance ID list, supports up to 200 IDs.
- `invocation_name` (String) Job name. Maximum 64 characters. No restriction on special characters. Job names can be duplicated within the same region.

### Optional

- `frequency` (String) Execution frequency. This parameter is required when RepeatMode=Rate. Format: <interval value><interval unit>. Interval units supported: minutes (5m–60m), hours (1h–24h), and days (1d–7d). The interval is based on a fixed frequency and is independent of the actual job execution time. After job creation, it executes once based on LaunchTime, and the next execution time is determined by the interval setting.
- `invocation_description` (String) Job description. Defaults to an empty string and must not exceed 256 characters.
- `launch_time` (String) Execution time.
- `parameters` (String) When the command includes custom parameters, use this parameter to pass custom parameter key-value pairs. The number of custom parameters ranges from 0 to 60. Key cannot be an empty string and supports up to 64 characters. Value can be an empty string. The combined length of custom parameters and original command content after Base64 encoding must not exceed 16 KB. The set of custom parameter names must be a subset of the parameter set defined when creating the command. Default values are used for parameters not provided.
- `project_name` (String) Project to which the resource belongs; each resource can belong to only one project.
- `recurrence_end_time` (String) Cycle end time, applicable only to periodic tasks (Rate).
- `repeat_mode` (String) Set the command execution mode. Once: Default, executes the command immediately. Rate: Executes the command periodically; specify the execution cycle using the Frequency parameter and Rate expression. Fixed: Executes the command at a scheduled time; specify the execution time using the LaunchTime parameter.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag key-value pair.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `timeout` (Number) Maximum timeout for command execution in ECS instances, in seconds. Default: 60. Optional range: 30–86400.
- `username` (String) User name for executing the command in the ECS instance.
- `windows_password` (String) Password for custom Windows user.
- `working_dir` (String) Directory where the created command runs in the ECS instance.

### Read-Only

- `command_content` (String) Command content.
- `command_description` (String) Description of the invoked command.
- `command_name` (String) Command name when the task is triggered.
- `command_provider` (String) Provider of the invoked command.
- `command_type` (String) Command type triggered by the job.
- `enable_parameter` (Boolean) Whether the invoked command uses custom parameters. true: enabled. false: not enabled.
- `end_time` (String) Task end time.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `instance_number` (Number) Number of instances executed.
- `invocation_id` (String) Task execution ID.
- `invocation_results` (Attributes Set) Result of command execution on a single instance.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--invocation_results))
- `invocation_status` (String) Overall execution status of the command.
- `parameter_definitions` (Attributes Set) Custom parameter definition for the command triggered by the task.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameter_definitions))
- `start_time` (String) Task start time.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key for user tags. Naming rules: Cannot start with any combination of 'volc:' or 'sys:' in any case. Can only contain letters, numbers, spaces, and English symbols '_', '.', ':', '/', '=', '+', '-', '@'. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters.
- `value` (String) User tag value. Naming rules: Only letters, numbers, spaces, and the following English symbols are allowed: '_', '.', ':', '/', '=', '+', '-', '@'. Can be empty; length must be between 0 and 256 characters.


<a id="nestedatt--invocation_results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `invocation_results`

Read-Only:

- `command_id` (String) Command ID.
- `end_time` (String) Command execution completion time.
- `error_code` (String) Error codes for command execution failure. TaskDeliveryTimeout: Indicates command delivery timeout. TaskExecutionTimeout: Indicates command execution timeout. TaskExecutionFailed: Indicates command execution failure.
- `error_message` (String) Error message for command execution failure.
- `exit_code` (Number) Exit status code after script execution.
- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID.
- `invocation_id` (String) Task execution ID.
- `invocation_result_id` (String) Task execution result ID.
- `invocation_result_status` (String) Command progress status for a single instance.
- `output` (String) Output information after command execution, encoded in Base64.
- `start_time` (String) Time when the command starts executing in the instance.
- `username` (String) User name for executing the command in the instance.


<a id="nestedatt--parameter_definitions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameter_definitions`

Read-Only:

- `decimal_precision` (Number) Allowed number of decimal places for custom parameter values (numeric).
- `default_value` (String) Default value for custom parameter.
- `max_length` (Number) Maximum length for custom parameter value (string).
- `max_value` (String) Maximum value for custom parameter (numeric).
- `min_length` (Number) Minimum length for custom parameter values (string).
- `min_value` (String) Minimum value for custom parameter (numeric).
- `name` (String) Custom parameter name. Must be defined in the script using {{Param}}.
- `required` (Boolean) Required. true: Required. false: Optional.
- `type` (String) Custom parameter type. String: Indicates custom parameter type is string. Digit: Indicates custom parameter type is numeric.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_ecs_invocation.example "invocation_id"
```