---
page_title: "volcenginecc_fwcenter_address_book Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "FWCenter"
description: |-
  Cloud firewall access control address book, used to centrally manage a group of IPv4/IPv6 addresses, ports, or domain names. Can be referenced as source or destination in access control policies.
---

# volcenginecc_fwcenter_address_book (Resource)

Cloud firewall access control address book, used to centrally manage a group of IPv4/IPv6 addresses, ports, or domain names. Can be referenced as source or destination in access control policies.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_fwcenter_address_book" "Example" {
  group_name        = "IPv6手动地址簿"
  group_type        = "ipv6"
  description       = "测试IPv6手动地址簿"
  cloud_firewall_id = "CloudFirewallxxxxxxxam7tr9t02w"
  auto_update_type  = "Manual"
  address_detail_list = [{
    description = "测试IPv6网段"
    address     = "2001:xxxx::/32"
    }, {
    description = "测试IPv6地址"
    address     = "2001:xxxx::1"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_name` (String) Name of the address book. Supports Chinese characters, uppercase and lowercase English letters, `-`, and `_`, with a maximum length of 64 characters.
- `group_type` (String) The type of the address book, used to specify the type of addresses stored in the address book. `ip`: IPv4 address; `ipv6`: IPv6 address; `port`: port information; `domain`: domain name information.

### Optional

- `address_detail_list` (Attributes Set) Address list with detailed address information. Effective when `AutoUpdateType` is `Manual`.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--address_detail_list))
- `address_list` (Set of String) Address list in the address book. The specific content depends on the address book type. Effective when `AutoUpdateType` is `Manual` and `AddressDetailList` is not empty. If GroupType is ip, enter an IPv4 address or CIDRv4; if ipv6, enter an IPv6 address or CIDRv6; if port, enter port information (a single port such as 22 or a port range such as 100/200); if domain, enter domain information.
- `auto_update_type` (String) Address book auto-update type. Default is `Manual`. `Manual`: manual update; `Tag`: tag address book. Assets with new matching tags are automatically added to the current address book. This feature is currently only supported for the internet boundary.
- `cloud_firewall_id` (String) The unique identifier of the cloud firewall instance, used to specify which cloud firewall instance the address book belongs to.
- `description` (String) Detailed description of the address book, used to explain its purpose or other relevant information.
- `instance_type_list` (Set of String) Asset type list, used to specify the types of assets included in the address book. Takes effect when `AutoUpdateType` is set to `Tag`. Supported values: `EcsInstance` (cloud server), `NetworkInterface` (network interface), `HaVip` (high-availability virtual IP), `Nat` (NAT gateway), `ClbInstance` (load balancer), `AlbInstance` (application load balancer), `VpnGateway` (VPN gateway).
- `resource_type` (String) Tag type, used to specify the resource type in the address book. Effective when `AutoUpdateType` is `Tag`. `Eip`: public IP; `InternetAsset`: public asset.
- `tag_relation` (String) Logical relationship between tags, used to specify how multiple tags are combined. Effective when `AutoUpdateType` is `Tag`. `And`: all tags must be satisfied; `Or`: any tag can be satisfied.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list for the address book, used for categorization or marking. Effective when `AutoUpdateType` is `Tag`.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `group_uuid` (String) Unique identifier for the address book, generated by the system after the address book is created. Used to uniquely identify the address book within the system.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `ref_cnt` (Number) Reference count for the address book, indicating how many times it has been referenced.
- `updated` (Number) Last update timestamp for the address book, represented in Unix timestamp format.

<a id="nestedatt--address_detail_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `address_detail_list`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Detailed information about the address in the address book. The specific content depends on the address book type. If GroupType is ip, enter an IPv4 address or CIDRv4; if ipv6, enter an IPv6 address or CIDRv6; if port, enter port information (a single port such as 22 or a port range such as 100/200); if domain, enter domain information.
- `description` (String) Detailed description of a single address in the address book, used to explain the specific purpose or other relevant information for that address.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key.
- `value` (String) Tag value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_fwcenter_address_book.example "group_uuid"
```
