---
page_title: "volcenginecc_gtm_policy Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "GTM"
description: |-
  Scheduling policy configuration under the GTM instance, identified by GtmId and PolicyType, and maintained via UpdatePolicy.
---

# volcenginecc_gtm_policy (Resource)

Scheduling policy configuration under the GTM instance, identified by GtmId and PolicyType, and maintained via UpdatePolicy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_gtm_policy" "GTMPolicyDemo" {
  gtm_id      = "003cd3af-dc55-xxxxx-xxxxxx-41470d406367"
  policy_type = "perf"
  targets = [{
    pool_id = "ad65b9fb-e8f5-xxxxx-xxxxxx-bc4f2741cd66"
  }]
  alarm_only   = false
  routing_mode = "geo-lb"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gtm_id` (String) UUID of the GTM instance. You can obtain GtmId through the ListGtms API
- `policy_type` (String) Strategy type. geo: Basic routing. perf: Intelligent routing

### Optional

- `alarm_only` (Boolean) If the current address pool set is unavailable, Cloud Scheduling GTM only triggers an alert notification and does not automatically switch to an available address pool. true: Cloud Scheduling GTM only triggers an alert notification. false: Cloud Scheduling GTM automatically switches to an available address pool
- `routing_mode` (String) Routing mode. The parameter values are: lb: Based on load balancing, user traffic is routed proportionally to different IDCs. geo: Based on the user's geographic location and operator, user traffic is routed to the nearest IDC on the same operator's network. geo-lb (default): First, based on the user's geographic location and operator, user traffic is routed to the nearest IDC access line on the same operator's network. Then, based on load balancing, user traffic is routed proportionally to multiple IDCs
- `targets` (Attributes Set) Traffic target for intelligent routing strategy
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `perf_mode` (String) Routing mode for intelligent routing strategy. perf: Performance first. capacity: Capacity first. feedback: Load feedback
- `statistics` (Attributes) Statistical information about address status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--statistics))

<a id="nestedatt--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets`

Optional:

- `pool_id` (String) Address pool ID.


<a id="nestedatt--statistics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `statistics`

Read-Only:

- `active_addr` (Number) Number of available addresses
- `inactive_addr` (Number) Number of unavailable addresses

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_gtm_policy.example "gtm_id|policy_type"
```
