---
page_title: "volcenginecc_gtm_pool Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "GTM"
description: |-
  GTM address pool resource, belongs to a GTM instance and is used to carry the target address set and routing capacity configuration
---

# volcenginecc_gtm_pool (Resource)

GTM address pool resource, belongs to a GTM instance and is used to carry the target address set and routing capacity configuration

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_gtm_pool" "GTMPoolDemo" {
  addresses = [
    {
      rectified_geos = [
        "cn_telecom_shanghai"
      ],
      capacity = 20,
      mode     = "auto",
      value    = "2001:db8::2",
      weight   = 20
    },
    {
      rectified_geos = [
        "cn_telecom_beijing"
      ],
      capacity = 40,
      mode     = "auto",
      value    = "2001:db8::3",
      weight   = 21
    }
  ]
  gtm_id        = "162ca39d-*******"
  addr_type     = "ipv6"
  capacity_mode = "pool"
  capacity      = 90
  name          = "testpool"
  remark        = "testdes"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `addresses` (Attributes Set) List of target addresses in the address pool
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--addresses))
- `gtm_id` (String) UUID of the associated GTM instance
- `name` (String) Address pool name. UTF-8 format. Maximum length is 64 UTF-8 characters

### Optional

- `addr_type` (String) Target address type of the address pool. If you do not set this parameter, Cloud Scheduling GTM will automatically determine the target address type. ipv4: IPv4 address. ipv6: IPv6 address. cname: Domain name
- `capacity` (Number) Address pool capacity
- `capacity_mode` (String) Capacity mode, indicates whether to configure address pool capacity or address capacity
- `remark` (String) Address pool remarks. Default is an empty string. UTF-8 format. Maximum length is 128 UTF-8 characters

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String) Creation time
- `deletable` (Boolean) Whether the address pool can be deleted. true: The address pool is not referenced by any routing rule and can be deleted. false: The address pool is referenced by one or more routing rules and cannot be deleted
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `pool_id` (String) Address pool ID
- `update_time` (String) Update time

<a id="nestedatt--addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `addresses`

Required:

- `value` (String) Target address value

Optional:

- `capacity` (Number) Address capacity
- `mode` (String) Address availability mode
- `rectified_geos` (List of String) List of geographic route codes to be corrected
- `weight` (Number) Address weight

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_gtm_pool.example "gtm_id|pool_id"
```
