---
page_title: "volcenginecc_hbase_instance Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "HBase"
description: |-
  Table Database HBase Edition is a fully managed NoSQL service based on Apache HBase, compatible with the standard HBase access protocol, offering advantages such as low-cost storage and high scalability throughput.
---

# volcenginecc_hbase_instance (Resource)

Table Database HBase Edition is a fully managed NoSQL service based on Apache HBase, compatible with the standard HBase access protocol, offering advantages such as low-cost storage and high scalability throughput.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_hbase_instance" "HBaseInstanceDemo" {
  region_id            = "cn-beijing"
  multi_az             = false
  zone_id              = "cn-beijing-a"
  instance_name        = "HBaseInstanceDemo"
  engine_version       = "HBase_2.0"
  instance_type        = "Standard"
  master_spec          = "hbase.x1.medium"
  rs_count             = 2
  rs_spec              = "hbase.x1.large"
  storage_capacity     = 20000
  vpc_id               = "vpc-rrco37ovjq4gv0x5xxxxx"
  project_name         = "default"
  charge_type          = "PrePaid"
  purchase_months      = 1
  auto_renew           = false
  subnet_id            = "subnet-rrwqhg3qzxfkv0x57xxxxx"
  deletion_protection  = "disabled"
  enable_cloud_storage = false
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
  storage_type = "HdfsSsd"
  enable_auth  = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `charge_type` (String) Billing type. Values: PostPaid: pay-as-you-go (postpaid). PrePaid: subscription (prepaid, yearly/monthly).
- `engine_version` (String) HBase database engine version. Currently, only HBase 2.0 is supported. The default value is HBase_2.0
- `master_spec` (String) Master node specification code. For information about supported specifications for Master nodes, see Instance Specifications. The number of Master nodes is fixed and cannot be changed.
- `region_id` (String) Region ID of the instance.
- `rs_count` (Number) Number of RegionServer nodes
- `rs_spec` (String) RegionServer node specification code.
- `storage_capacity` (Number) Total storage capacity of the instance, unit: GiB.
- `storage_type` (String) Instance storage type. Values: HdfsHdd: HDD file storage. HdfsSsd: SSD file storage.
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet ID of the instance. For single-zone instances, only one subnet ID for the zone is included
- `vpc_id` (String) Private network ID. You can call the DescribeVpcs API to query information about private networks available for HBase instance creation, including the private network ID.
- `zone_id` (String) Zone ID of the instance

### Optional

- `auto_renew` (Boolean) Whether auto-renewal is enabled for subscription scenarios. Values: true: auto-renewal enabled. false: auto-renewal not enabled.
- `cold_storage` (Number) Total capacity-type storage space for the instance, in GiB.
- `deletion_protection` (String) Instance deletion protection switch status. Value range: enabled: enabled. disabled: not enabled. For more information about instance deletion protection, see Instance Deletion Protection.
- `enable_auth` (Boolean) Whether login authentication is enabled. Values: true: login authentication enabled. false: login authentication disabled.
- `enable_cloud_storage` (Boolean) Whether capacity-type storage is enabled. Values: true: capacity-type storage enabled. false: capacity-type storage not enabled. For details about capacity-type storage, see Hot and Cold Data Separation. The hot and cold data separation feature is supported only when MultiAZ (deployment mode) is set to false (single availability zone deployment).
- `endpoints` (Attributes Set) Connection address information list
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))
- `instance_name` (String) Instance name
- `instance_type` (String) Instance type. Currently, only Standard is supported. The default value is Standard
- `multi_az` (Boolean) Instance deployment mode. Values: true: multi-availability zone deployment. false: single availability zone deployment. Currently, only single availability zone deployment is supported.
- `project_name` (String) Project name of the instance
- `purchase_months` (Number) Purchase duration, in months. The value range is: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 12, 24, 36. When ChargeType is PrePaid, this parameter is required
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Array of tag keys and tag values to bind. Supports passing multiple sets of tag key-value objects at once, separated by commas (,). Up to 20 tag key-value pairs can be passed at a time, and up to 50 tags can be bound to a single instance. Tag keys and values must comply with the setting rules. For details, see Tag Setting Rules
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `charge_status` (String) Billing status. Values: Normal: normal. Overdue: overdue. Shutdown: shutdown.
- `create_time` (String) Instance creation time (UTC).
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID
- `master_count` (Number) Number of Master nodes. For single-zone deployment, 2 Master nodes are included by default
- `primary_subnet_id` (String) Real-time primary availability zone subnet ID.
- `primary_zone_id` (String) Real-time primary zone ID
- `standby_subnet_id` (String) Real-time standby availability zone subnet ID.
- `standby_zone_id` (String) Real-time standby zone ID
- `status` (String) Current status of the instance. For more details about instance status, see Instance Status Description
- `used_cold_storage` (Number) Capacity-type storage space used by the instance, in MiB
- `used_storage` (Number) Storage capacity used by the primary instance, in MiB
- `vpc_name` (String) Name of the private network to which the instance belongs.
- `zone_name` (String) Name of the availability zone to which the instance belongs.

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Optional:

- `address_type` (String) Connection address type. For more information about connection addresses, see Connection Address Types. The value range is as follows: Zk: ZK address. Thrift: Thrift2 address. HBaseReUsedEipId: When public access is enabled for the ZK or Thrift2 connection address, this parameter is returned, indicating the EIP ID information shared and used by other components in the instance (such as RS nodes, Master nodes, etc.)
- `eip_id` (String) When the ZK connection address or Thrift2 connection address enables public access, this parameter is returned, indicating the EIP ID.
- `endpoint_id` (String) Connection address ID. By default, only the ZK private network connection address is returned. If you apply for a Thrift2 connection address or enable public access for the ZK or Thrift2 connection address, the corresponding connection address ID will also be returned. When the connection address type is HBaseReUsedEipId, the connection address ID is fixed as HBaseReUsedEipId
- `endpoint_str` (String) Connection string for the connection address. By default, only the ZK private network connection address is returned. If you have requested a Thrift2 connection address, or enabled public access for ZK or Thrift2 connection addresses, the corresponding connection string will also be provided. When the connection address type is HBaseReUsedEipId, the connection string is always set to HBaseReUsedEipId.
- `network_type` (String) Connection address network type. Value range: Public: public access address. Private: private access address.
- `private_dns_visibility` (Boolean) Whether public DNS resolution is enabled for the private network domain name.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key of the tags bound to the instance
- `value` (String) Tag values bound to the instance.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_hbase_instance.example "instance_id"
```