---
page_title: "volcenginecc_iam_accesskey Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "IAM"
description: |-
  Access control (Identity and Access Management, abbreviated as IAM) is a permission management system provided by Volcano Engine for customers to control access to cloud resources by different identities.
---

# volcenginecc_iam_accesskey (Resource)

Access control (Identity and Access Management, abbreviated as IAM) is a permission management system provided by Volcano Engine for customers to control access to cloud resources by different identities.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_iam_accesskey" "AccesskeyDemo" {
  user_name = "s2222"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `last_login_date` (String) Last login time.
- `status` (String) Key status. active means enabled, inactive means disabled.
- `user_name` (String) User name. Used to create a key for the specified IAM user. If no user name is specified, a key is created for the current request identity (that is, if the primary account makes the request, the key is created for the primary account itself; if an IAM user makes the request, the key is created for the IAM user. Note: Roles do not support creating keys for themselves). If the IAM user has the AccessKeySelfManageAccess permission and needs to create a key for themselves, they must include their own UserName in the request.

### Read-Only

- `access_key_id` (String) Access Key Id.
- `created_time` (String) Key creation time. The time format is ISO8601.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `region` (String) The last region accessed by the API key.
- `request_time` (String) The last time the API key was used.
- `secret_access_key` (String) Secret Access Key.
- `service` (String) The English abbreviation of the last service accessed by the API key.
- `updated_time` (String) Key update time. The time format is ISO8601.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_iam_accesskey.example "access_key_id"
```