---
page_title: "volcenginecc_kafka_allow_list Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "Kafka"
description: |-
  When creating a Kafka instance, you can bind an allowlist as needed. After binding the allowlist to the Kafka instance, only IP addresses and address ranges specified in the allowlist can access the Kafka message queue instance. For security, we recommend creating an allowlist and adding the client IP address or IP address range to the Kafka instance's allowlist. Regularly maintain and manage the allowlist to enhance the security of Kafka instance access
---

# volcenginecc_kafka_allow_list (Resource)

When creating a Kafka instance, you can bind an allowlist as needed. After binding the allowlist to the Kafka instance, only IP addresses and address ranges specified in the allowlist can access the Kafka message queue instance. For security, we recommend creating an allowlist and adding the client IP address or IP address range to the Kafka instance's allowlist. Regularly maintain and manage the allowlist to enhance the security of Kafka instance access

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_kafka_allowlist" "KafkaAllowListDemo" {
  allow_list      = "127.0.0.2"
  allow_list_desc = "test"
  allow_list_name = "ccapi-text"
  associated_instances = [
    {
    instance_id = "kafka-cnng9x9s***" },
    {
    instance_id = "kafka-cnnghf99**" }
  ]
  apply_instance_num = 2

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `allow_list` (String) Allowlist rule list. Supports specifying IP addresses or IP ranges. Separate multiple IP addresses or ranges with commas (,). Each allowlist can contain up to 300 IP addresses or ranges
- `allow_list_name` (String) Allowlist rule name. Length: 1–128 characters. Can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, underscores, and hyphens (-). Cannot start with a number or hyphen (-). The allowlist name must be unique within the current region

### Optional

- `allow_list_desc` (String) Allowlist description. Maximum length: 200 characters
- `apply_instance_num` (Number) Number of instances already bound to this allowlist. If the AllowList parameter is specified, this field is required to indicate the expected number of instances affected after rule modification. If the expected number does not match the actual number, the request fails
- `associated_instances` (Attributes Set) Information about the instance bound to the allowlist
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associated_instances))

### Read-Only

- `allow_list_id` (String) Allowlist ID
- `allow_list_ip_num` (Number) Number of rules specified in the allowlist
- `associated_instance_num` (Number) Number of instances bound to the allowlist
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--associated_instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associated_instances`

Optional:

- `instance_id` (String) ID of the instance bound to the allowlist

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_kafka_allow_list.example "allow_list_id"
```