---
page_title: "volcenginecc_mongodb_account Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "MongoDB"
description: |-
  MongoDB instance database account.
---

# volcenginecc_mongodb_account (Resource)

MongoDB instance database account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_mongodb_account" "MongoDBAccountDemo" {
  account_desc     = "this is a test"
  account_name     = "ccapi-test"
  account_password = "QWExxxxzxc"
  account_privileges = [{
    db_name   = "admin"
    role_name = "read"
    }, {
    db_name   = "admin"
    role_name = "userAdmin"
  }]
  auth_db     = "admin"
  instance_id = "mongo-replica-xxxxxxxx"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_name` (String) Account name.
- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID.

### Optional

- `account_desc` (String) Account remarks.
- `account_password` (String) Account password.
- `account_privileges` (Attributes Set) List of database permissions currently owned by the account.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--account_privileges))
- `auth_db` (String) Database associated with the account.
- `reset_db_account` (Boolean) Whether to reset the root account permissions to the initial state (that is, restore all permissions that can be granted to the super administrator account). Value options: false (default): Do not reset. true: Reset. Note: This parameter only applies to the root account in the admin database (that is, AuthDB is admin and AccountName is root).

### Read-Only

- `account_type` (String) Account type. Value options: Super: Super administrator account, that is, root account; UserAdmin: High-privilege account, that is, an account with any permissions on the admin database; Normal: Regular account, that is, an account with no permissions on the admin database.
- `create_time` (String) Account creation time. Format: yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ (UTC).
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `modify_time` (String) Last update time of the account. Format: yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ (UTC).

<a id="nestedatt--account_privileges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `account_privileges`

Optional:

- `db_name` (String) Databases for which the account has permissions.
- `role_name` (String) Permissions the account has in the current database.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_mongodb_account.example "instance_id|account_name"
```
