---
page_title: "volcenginecc_mongodb_allow_list Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "MongoDB"
description: |-
  After you create a MongoDB document database instance, you can set an allowlist for the instance to permit external devices to access it. This article describes how to set an allowlist in the console.
---

# volcenginecc_mongodb_allow_list (Resource)

After you create a MongoDB document database instance, you can set an allowlist for the instance to permit external devices to access it. This article describes how to set an allowlist in the console.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_mongodb_allow_list" "MongoDBAllowListDemo" {
  allow_list_name     = "mongodb_allowlist-1"
  allow_list_type     = "IPv4"
  project_name        = "default"
  allow_list_desc     = "test"
  allow_list_category = "Ordinary"
  allow_list = [
    "0.0.0.0/0",
    "127.0.0.1",
    "192.168.1.0/24"
  ]
  associated_instances = [
    { instance_id = "mongo-shard-d838exxxxx" },
    { instance_id = "mongo-replica-63axxxxx" }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `allow_list` (Set of String) Enter an IP address or a CIDR-format IP address range.
- `allow_list_name` (String) Allowlist name. The name must meet the following requirements: Cannot start with a digit or hyphen (-). Can only contain Chinese characters, letters, digits, underscores (_), and hyphens (-). Length must be 1–128 characters.

### Optional

- `allow_list_category` (String) Allowlist type. Valid values: Ordinary: ordinary allowlist; Default: default allowlist.
- `allow_list_desc` (String) Allowlist remarks. Maximum length: 200 characters.
- `allow_list_type` (String) IP address type in the allowlist. Only IPv4 addresses are currently supported.
- `associated_instances` (Attributes Set) Instance information bound to the current allowlist.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associated_instances))
- `project_name` (String) Project to which the current allowlist belongs.

### Read-Only

- `allow_list_id` (String) Allowlist ID.
- `allow_list_ip_num` (Number) Total number of IP addresses (or address ranges) in the allowlist.
- `associated_instance_num` (Number) Total number of instances bound to the current allowlist.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--associated_instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associated_instances`

Optional:

- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID bound to the current allowlist.
- `instance_name` (String) Instance name bound to the current allowlist.
- `project_name` (String) Project name of the instance.
- `vpc` (String) Private network ID of the instance.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_mongodb_allow_list.example "allow_list_id"
```