---
page_title: "volcenginecc_natgateway_nat_ip Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "NatGateway"
description: |-
  Allocated from the subnet associated with the private NAT gateway for IP address translation.
---

# volcenginecc_natgateway_nat_ip (Resource)

Allocated from the subnet associated with the private NAT gateway for IP address translation.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_natgateway_nat_ip" "NatGatewayNatIpDemo" {
  nat_gateway_id     = "ngw-2hgk22kpfp5a874wjohxxxxx"
  nat_ip_description = "NatGatewayNatIpDemo description"
  nat_ip_name        = "NatGatewayNatIpDemo"
  nat_ip             = "192.168.xxx.xx"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `nat_gateway_id` (String) Private NAT gateway ID.

### Optional

- `nat_ip` (String) Transit IP address. If not specified, the system automatically randomly assigns an available IP address from the subnet of the private NAT gateway.
- `nat_ip_description` (String) Description of the transit IP. Length limit: 0–255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number. Can include English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。).
- `nat_ip_name` (String) Name of the transit IP. Length limit: 1–128 characters. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number; can include period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). If not specified, defaults to the transit IP ID.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether this is the default transit IP. true: Yes. false: No.
- `nat_ip_id` (String) Transit IP ID.
- `status` (String) Status of the transit IP. Creating: Being created. Available: Available. Deleting: Being deleted. Deleted: Deleted.
- `using_status` (String) Usage status of the transit IP. Idle: Not used. UsedBySnat: Used by SNAT rule. UsedByDnat: Used by DNAT rule. UsedByNat: Used by both SNAT and DNAT rules.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_natgateway_nat_ip.example "nat_ip_id"
```