---
page_title: "volcenginecc_natgateway_dnatentry Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "NatGateway"
description: |-
  Destination address translation. When the transit IP and port are accessed, the private NAT gateway replaces the destination address and port in the request with the private IP and port of the cloud server, then forwards the request.
---

# volcenginecc_natgateway_dnatentry (Resource)

Destination address translation. When the transit IP and port are accessed, the private NAT gateway replaces the destination address and port in the request with the private IP and port of the cloud server, then forwards the request.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_natgateway_dnatentry" "NatGatewayDnatentryDemo" {
  dnat_entry_name = "NatGatewayDnatentryDemo"
  protocol        = "udp"
  internal_ip     = "192.168.xxx.53"
  internal_port   = "20-25"
  external_ip     = "115.190.xxx.9"
  external_port   = "25-30"
  nat_gateway_id  = "ngw-2pc28yhdpbx8g227qo1sxxxxx"
  port_type       = "specified"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `external_ip` (String) IP address used by the NAT gateway for network address translation. If the NAT gateway is a public NAT gateway, enter its bound public IP address. If the NAT gateway is a private NAT gateway, enter its transit IP address.
- `external_port` (String) Port or port range that receives requests from the public network.
- `internal_ip` (String) Private IP address of the cloud server instance.
- `internal_port` (String) Port or port range of the private IP address of the cloud server instance.
- `nat_gateway_id` (String) ID of the NAT gateway to which the DNAT rule belongs.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol type. tcp: Forwards TCP protocol packets. udp: Forwards UDP protocol packets.

### Optional

- `dnat_entry_name` (String) Name of the DNAT rule.
- `port_type` (String) Port type of the DNAT rule. specified: Specified port. any: Any port, i.e., IP mapping.

### Read-Only

- `dnat_entry_id` (String) ID of the DNAT rule.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) Status of the DNAT rule. Creating: Creating. Deleting: Deleting. Available: Available.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_natgateway_dnatentry.example "dnat_entry_id"
```