---
page_title: "volcenginecc_natgateway_ngw Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "NatGateway"
description: |-
  NAT Gateway provides network address translation services for cloud servers within the private network
---

# volcenginecc_natgateway_ngw (Resource)

NAT Gateway provides network address translation services for cloud servers within the private network

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_natgateway_ngw" "NatGatewayNGWDemo" {
  spec             = "Small"
  vpc_id           = "vpc-2f8kicbjkot8g4f4pzyyxxxxx"
  subnet_id        = "subnet-3hicda1321wqo3nkipk4xxxxx"
  nat_gateway_name = "NatGatewayNGWDemo"
  billing_type     = 2
  project_name     = "default"
  network_type     = "internet"
  description      = "NatGatewayNGWDemo"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `vpc_id` (String) ID of the private network where the NAT Gateway is located

### Optional

- `billing_type` (Number) NAT Gateway billing mode. Possible values: 1: Subscription. 2 (default): Pay-as-you-go by specification. 3: Pay-as-you-go by usage. When NetworkType is set to intranet, only 3 is supported and required for this parameter.
- `description` (String) Description of the NAT Gateway. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number. Can include English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length: 1 to 255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string.
- `nat_gateway_name` (String) Name of the NAT Gateway. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number. Can include period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length: 1 to 128 characters. If not specified, defaults to the NAT Gateway instance ID.
- `network_type` (String) NAT Gateway type. internet: Public NAT Gateway. intranet: Private NAT Gateway.
- `period` (Number) Duration for purchasing a subscription NAT Gateway, default is 1. If PeriodUnit is Month, Period can be 1 ~ 9, 12, 24, 36. If PeriodUnit is Year, Period can be 1 ~ 3.
- `period_unit` (String) Unit for subscription NAT Gateway duration, default is Month. Month: month. Year: year.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project the NAT Gateway belongs to. If not specified, defaults to the 'default' project.
- `smart_schedule_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable intelligent scheduling
- `smart_schedule_rule` (String) Intelligent scheduling policy rules. ChinaMobile: China Mobile. ChinaUnicom: China Unicom. ChinaTelecom: China Telecom. BGP: BGP multi-line.
- `spec` (String) NAT Gateway specification. Small (default): Small. Medium: Medium. Large: Large. Extra_Large_1: Extra Large 1. Extra_Large_2: Extra Large 2.
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet where the NAT gateway is located. The input subnet must be a subnet of the private network specified by VpcId. There must be at least one available private IP in the subnet. The system automatically generates a NAT gateway network interface that will occupy one private IP in this subnet. The availability zone of the subnet must have deployed NAT gateway resources. The availability zone of the subnet will be used as the primary availability zone for the NAT gateway and will automatically associate with a backup availability zone. When the primary availability zone fails, the NAT gateway automatically switches to the backup availability zone.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `business_status` (String) Indicates whether the NAT gateway is locked. Empty: Normal, not locked. Normal: Normal, not locked. FinancialLocked: Locked due to overdue payment.
- `created_time` (String) Creation time
- `deleted_time` (String) Deletion time
- `direct_mode` (Boolean) Indicates whether the NAT is direct or non-direct.   - true (default): EIP direct NAT gateway.   - false: Non-EIP direct NAT gateway.
- `dnat_entry_ids` (Set of String) DNAT rule ID list.
- `eip_addresses` (Attributes Set) Information about the public IP bound to the NAT Gateway
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--eip_addresses))
- `expired_time` (String) Expiration time for subscription NAT Gateway. Only NAT Gateways with subscription billing return this parameter.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `lock_reason` (String) Reason for NAT lock. financial: Locked due to overdue payment. security: Locked for security reasons.
- `nat_gateway_id` (String) NAT gateway ID.
- `nat_ip_addresses` (Attributes Set) Transit IP list for private NAT instance
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nat_ip_addresses))
- `network_interface_id` (String) Network interface ID occupied by the NAT gateway.
- `overdue_time` (String) Resource freeze time. This parameter is returned only when the resource is frozen due to overdue payment.
- `snat_entry_ids` (Set of String) SNAT rule ID list
- `status` (String) Status of the NAT Gateway. Available: Available. Creating: Creating. Pending: In progress. Deleting: Deleting.
- `updated_time` (String) Last operation time of the NAT Gateway
- `zone_id` (String) ID of the primary availability zone the NAT Gateway belongs to

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) User tag key.
- `value` (String) User tag value


<a id="nestedatt--eip_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `eip_addresses`

Read-Only:

- `allocation_id` (String) Public IP ID
- `eip_address` (String) Public IP address
- `using_status` (String) Usage status of the public IP. Idle: Not used. UsedBySnat: Used by SNAT rule. UsedByDnat: Used by DNAT rule. UsedByNat: Used by both SNAT and DNAT rules.


<a id="nestedatt--nat_ip_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nat_ip_addresses`

Read-Only:

- `nat_ip_address` (String) Transit IP address
- `nat_ip_id` (String) Transit IP ID

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_natgateway_ngw.example "nat_gateway_id"
```