---
page_title: "volcenginecc_natgateway_snatentry Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "NatGateway"
description: |-
  When multiple cloud server instances in a private network need to access the public network, you can use SNAT rules of the public NAT gateway to save public IPs and avoid exposing cloud server IPs directly to the public network for secure, convenient, and efficient access. SNAT rules support four granularities: private network, subnet, cloud server, and custom network segment. Configure flexibly based on your business needs.
---

# volcenginecc_natgateway_snatentry (Resource)

When multiple cloud server instances in a private network need to access the public network, you can use SNAT rules of the public NAT gateway to save public IPs and avoid exposing cloud server IPs directly to the public network for secure, convenient, and efficient access. SNAT rules support four granularities: private network, subnet, cloud server, and custom network segment. Configure flexibly based on your business needs.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_natgateway_snatentry" "NatGatewaySnatentryDemo" {
  nat_gateway_id  = "ngw-2pc28yhdpbx8g227qo1xxxxx"
  eip_id          = "eip-iivdtssgbdog74o8cuxxxxx,eip-btbv1pk36g3k5h0b2vxxxxx"
  snat_entry_name = "test"
  source_cidr     = "0.0.0.0/0"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `nat_gateway_id` (String) ID of the NAT gateway associated with the SNAT rule

### Optional

- `eip_id` (String) ID of the public IP associated with the SNAT rule. Returns the ID for a single public IP. Returns IDs for multiple public IPs.
- `nat_ip_id` (String) ID of the transit IP for the private NAT gateway
- `snat_entry_name` (String) Name of the SNAT rule
- `source_cidr` (String) Network segment corresponding to the SNAT rule
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet associated with the SNAT rule

### Read-Only

- `eip_address` (String) IP address of the public IP associated with the SNAT rule. Returns the IP address for a single public IP. Returns IP addresses for multiple public IPs.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `snat_entry_id` (String) ID of the SNAT rule
- `status` (String) Status of the SNAT rule. Creating: being created. Deleting: being deleted. Available: available.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_natgateway_snatentry.example "snat_entry_id"
```