---
page_title: "volcenginecc_privatelink_endpoint_service Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "PrivateLink"
description: |-
  The endpoint service enables private network connections between VPCs via endpoints.
---

# volcenginecc_privatelink_endpoint_service (Resource)

The endpoint service enables private network connections between VPCs via endpoints.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_privatelink_endpoint_service" "PrivateLinkEndpointServiceDemo" {
  service_type          = "Interface"
  ip_address_versions   = ["ipv4"]
  service_resource_type = "CLB"
  resources = [
    {
      instance_id = ""
      resource_id = "clb-rr0o8ni4dxxxx58wxxxxx"
      zone_ids    = []
    }
  ]
  auto_accept_enabled = true
  private_dns_enabled = true
  private_dns_type    = "public"
  private_dns_name    = "*.www.example.com"
  description         = "PrivateLinkEndpointServiceDemo description"
  project_name        = "default"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `auto_accept_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to automatically accept endpoint connections. true: The endpoint service automatically accepts endpoint connections. false: The endpoint service does not automatically accept endpoint connections; you must manually accept them by calling the EnableVpcEndpointConnection API.
- `description` (String) Description of the endpoint service.
- `ip_address_versions` (Set of String) IP protocol type of the endpoint service. If the return value only contains ipv4, the endpoint service is IPv4 type and only supports IPv4 services. If the return value contains both ipv4 and ipv6, the endpoint service is dual-stack and supports both IPv4 and IPv6 services.
- `payer` (String) Billing account for the private network connection. Endpoint: endpoint account. EndpointService: endpoint service account.
- `private_dns_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the endpoint service enables private DNS name. false: Not enabled. true: Enabled.
- `private_dns_name` (String) Private DNS name of the endpoint service. If the PrivateDNSEnabled parameter returns false, this parameter is empty.
- `private_dns_type` (String) Domain name type of the private DNS name. public: public network. Note: If the custom private domain name feature is not enabled, this parameter is not returned.
- `project_name` (String) Project name to which the endpoint service belongs.
- `resources` (Attributes Set) Resources provided by the endpoint service.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources))
- `service_name_managed` (String) Whether this is a managed endpoint service. false: not a managed endpoint service. true: managed endpoint service. If the account owning the endpoint service has not enabled managed endpoint service functionality, this parameter is not returned.
- `service_name_suffix` (String) Suffix of the endpoint service name. After setting the name suffix, the system generates the endpoint service name in the format com.volces.privatelink.<region ID>.<name suffix>. Note: This parameter is currently in invitation-only testing. To use different name suffixes to distinguish businesses, contact your account manager.
- `service_owner` (String) Current service principal.
- `service_resource_type` (String) Type of service resource. CLB: Load Balancer CLB. ALB: Application Load Balancer ALB. RDSMySQL: Cloud Database MySQL Edition.
- `service_type` (String) Type of the endpoint service. Interface: Interface endpoint service.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information of the endpoint service.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `wildcard_domain_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable wildcard domain name. true: Enabled. false: Not enabled.

### Read-Only

- `billing_type` (Number) Billing type of the endpoint service. 0: No charge. 3: Pay-as-you-go.
- `business_status` (String) Whether the endpoint service is locked. Normal: normal. FinancialLocked: locked. If this parameter is empty, the endpoint service is not locked.
- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the endpoint service.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `private_dns_name_configuration` (Attributes) Configuration information for the private DNS name of the endpoint service. Note: If PrivateDNSType is private, this parameter is not returned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--private_dns_name_configuration))
- `service_domain` (String) Service domain name of the endpoint service.
- `service_id` (String) Endpoint service ID.
- `service_name` (String) Name of the endpoint service.
- `status` (String) Status of the endpoint service. Creating: being created. Pending: configuration being modified. Available: available. Deleting: being deleted.
- `update_time` (String) Most recent operation time of the endpoint service.
- `zone_ids` (Set of String) Availability zone where the endpoint service provides service. Note: If the ServiceResourceType parameter returns RDSMySQL, this parameter returns an empty value.

<a id="nestedatt--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Optional:

- `instance_id` (String) Endpoint service ID.
- `resource_id` (String) Service resource ID to be added to the endpoint service.
- `zone_ids` (List of String) Availability zone where the load balancer provides service.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag keys for endpoint service tags.
- `value` (String) Tag value of the endpoint service tag.


<a id="nestedatt--private_dns_name_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_dns_name_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Domain verification name.
- `status` (String) Domain verification status. PendingVerification: Pending verification. Verifying: In progress. Verified: Verified. Failed: Verification failed.
- `type` (String) Domain verification type. TXT: TXT record.
- `value` (String) Domain verification value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_privatelink_endpoint_service.example "service_id"
```