---
page_title: "volcenginecc_privatezone_private_zone Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "PrivateZone"
description: |-
  Private network resolution
---

# volcenginecc_privatezone_private_zone (Resource)

Private network resolution

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_privatezone_private_zone" "PrivateZoneDemo" {
  zone_name = "new.example.com"
  vpcs = [{
    vpc_id = "vpc-btgxxxxx0b2tnxxxxx"
    region = "cn-beijing"
  }]
  project_name   = "default"
  line_mode      = 1
  recursion_mode = true
  tags = [{
    value = "test"
    key   = "env"
  }]
  remark = "测试域名"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone_name` (String) Domain name, can be a second-level or multi-level domain

### Optional

- `line_mode` (Number) Enable load balancing: 0 to disable, 1 to enable. Default is 0
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project the domain belongs to. Default is default
- `recursion_mode` (Boolean) Enable recursive resolution: true to enable, false to disable. Default is false
- `remark` (String) Remarks. Default is an empty string
- `tags` (Attributes Set) One or more tags associated with the domain. A resource can be associated with up to 50 tags
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `vpcs` (Attributes Set) One or more VPCs associated with the domain. Domain resolution is only effective within the associated VPCs
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpcs))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Domain creation time
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_operator` (String) Most recent operator
- `record_count` (Number) Number of DNS records under the domain name
- `updated_at` (String) Most recent update time of the domain
- `zid` (String) Unique ID identifying the domain name

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key
- `value` (String) Tag value


<a id="nestedatt--vpcs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpcs`

Optional:

- `region` (String) Region where the VPC is located
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_privatezone_private_zone.example "zid"
```
