---
page_title: "volcenginecc_privatezone_resolver_rule Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "PrivateZone"
description: |-
  Forwarding rule details
---

# volcenginecc_privatezone_resolver_rule (Resource)

Forwarding rule details

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_privatezone_resolver_rule" "PrivateZoneResolverRuleDemo" {
  line = "电信"
  name = "PrivateZoneResolverRuleDemo"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
  type = "LINE"
  vp_cs = [
    {
      region = "cn-beijing"
    vpc_id = "vpc-3nqt4kq87xn28931eclihh90****" },
    {
      region = "cn-beijing"
    vpc_id = "vpc-1a10aeq5vr2tc8nvepkauwljx****" }
  ]
  vpc_trns = ["trn:vpc:cn-beijing:********:vpc/vpc-3nqt4kq87xn2893xxxxx", "trn:vpc:cn-beijing:********:vpc/vpc-1a10aeq5vr2tc8nvepxxxxx"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the forwarding rule. Supports UTF-8 format
- `type` (String) Forwarding rule type. OUTBOUND: Forward to external DNS server. LINE: Carrier for the outbound IP address of the custom public recursive DNS server

### Optional

- `endpoint_id` (Number) Endpoint ID. This parameter is only valid and required when the Type parameter is OUTBOUND
- `forward_i_ps` (Attributes Set) IP address and port of the external DNS server. You can add up to 10 IP addresses. This parameter is only valid and required when the Type parameter is OUTBOUND
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--forward_i_ps))
- `line` (String) Carrier for the outbound IP address of the recursive DNS server. This parameter is only valid when the Type parameter is LINE. Supported values: Mobile: China Mobile, Telecom: China Telecom, Unicom: China Unicom
- `project_name` (String) Project name associated with the forwarding rule. Default is default
- `tags` (Attributes Set) One or more tags associated with the forwarding rule
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `vp_cs` (Attributes Set) VPC associated with the forwarding rule. The forwarding rule takes effect in the associated VPC. When the Type parameter is OUTBOUND, the VPC region must match the region of the endpoint
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vp_cs))
- `zone_name` (String) Domain name(s) associated with the forwarding rule. You can enter one or more domain names. Separate multiple domain names with English commas. Up to 500 domain names are supported. This parameter is only valid and required when the Type parameter is OUTBOUND. If you set this parameter to *, the forwarding rule applies to all domain names associated with the VPC

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (String) Creation time of the forwarding rule
- `enable` (Boolean) Whether the forwarding rule is enabled. true: enabled. false: disabled
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_operator` (String) Account ID of the last update to the forwarding rule
- `rule_id` (String) Forwarding rule ID
- `updated_time` (String) Update time of the forwarding rule

<a id="nestedatt--forward_i_ps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `forward_i_ps`

Optional:

- `ip` (String) IP address of the external DNS server for the VPC
- `port` (Number) Port of the external DNS server for the VPC


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key for the user tag
- `value` (String) Tag value for the user tag


<a id="nestedatt--vp_cs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vp_cs`

Optional:

- `region` (String) Region of the VPC
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_privatezone_resolver_rule.example "rule_id"
```