---
page_title: "volcenginecc_privatelink_vpc_endpoint_connection Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "PrivateLink"
description: |-
  Unidirectional, private network connection established between the endpoint and the endpoint service
---

# volcenginecc_privatelink_vpc_endpoint_connection (Resource)

Unidirectional, private network connection established between the endpoint and the endpoint service

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_privatelink_vpc_endpoint_connection" "PrivateLinkVpcEndpointConnectionDemo" {
  endpoint_id = "ep-2rxb5wrxxxxxxxukcknq"
  service_id  = "epsvc-1mg2xrmsxxxxxxxxconsso"
  resources_allocate = [{
    resource_id = "clb-13g8lgxxxxxxx6nu5ajtpp2"
    zone_id     = "cn-beijing-c"
    }, {
    resource_id = "clb-13fx74xxxxxxxnu4g85ggo"
    zone_id     = "cn-beijing-b"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `endpoint_id` (String) Endpoint ID
- `service_id` (String) Endpoint service ID

### Optional

- `bps` (Number) Maximum bandwidth for the endpoint connection, range 100–20000 Mbps
- `resources_allocate` (Attributes Set) Specified service resource
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources_allocate))
- `zone_id` (String) Endpoint zone ID

### Read-Only

- `connection_status` (String) Status of the endpoint connection. PendingAcceptance: waiting for connection. Connecting: connecting. Connected: connected. Disconnecting: disconnecting. Rejected: connection rejected. Failed: connection failed. PartialFailed: partial connection failure. ServiceDeleted: service deleted
- `creation_time` (String) Creation time of the endpoint connection
- `endpoint_owner_account_id` (String) Account ID to which the endpoint belongs
- `endpoint_vpc_id` (String) ID of the VPC to which the endpoint network interface belongs
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `replace_resource_id` (String) New service resource ID
- `replacing_resource` (String) Whether to operate the endpoint connection for seamless service resource replacement. true: yes, disconnect the old service resource for the seamless replacement endpoint connection. false: no, reject the specified endpoint connection. If this parameter is empty, the specified endpoint connection is rejected
- `update_time` (String) Most recent operation time of the endpoint connection
- `zones` (Attributes Set) Details of the endpoint zone
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zones))

<a id="nestedatt--resources_allocate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources_allocate`

Optional:

- `resource_id` (String) Specify the service resource for the endpoint connection
- `zone_id` (String) Availability zone ID of the service resource to be specified


<a id="nestedatt--zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zones`

Read-Only:

- `network_interface_id` (String) Endpoint network interface ID. If a seamless service resource replacement is in progress, this indicates the endpoint network interface ID connected to the replaced service resource
- `network_interface_ip` (String) The private IPv4 address of the terminal node NIC. If a smooth service resource replacement is in progress, this refers to the IPv4 address of the terminal node NIC connected to the service resource being replaced.
- `network_interface_ipv_6` (String) Private IPv6 address of the endpoint network interface. If a seamless service resource replacement is in progress, this indicates the IPv6 address of the endpoint network interface connected to the replaced service resource. If the endpoint only supports IPv4, this parameter is not returned
- `resource_id` (String) Service resource ID
- `service_status` (String) Status of the service resource
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet to which the endpoint network interface belongs
- `zone_domain` (String) The domain name of the terminal node availability zone.
- `zone_id` (String) Endpoint zone ID
- `zone_status` (String) Status of the endpoint zone. PendingAcceptance: waiting for connection. Connecting: connecting. Connected: connected. Disconnecting: disconnecting. Rejected: connection rejected. Failed: connection failed

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_privatelink_vpc_endpoint_connection.example "service_id|endpoint_id"
```
