---
page_title: "volcenginecc_privatezone_record Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "PrivateZone"
description: |-
  A DNS record maps a domain name to resource information within a VPC.
---

# volcenginecc_privatezone_record (Resource)

A DNS record maps a domain name to resource information within a VPC.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_privatezone_record" "PrivateZoneRecordDemo" {
  host   = "ccapi-test-1"
  line   = "default"
  remark = "test"
  ttl    = 600
  type   = "AAAA"
  value  = "ff03:0:0:0:0:0:0:c1"
  weight = 1
  zid    = 403215
  enable = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) Domain prefix for the subdomain.
- `type` (String) DNS record type. Valid values are: A: A record. AAAA: AAAA record. CNAME: CNAME record. TXT: TXT record. MX: MX record. PTR: PTR record. A: A record. AAAA: AAAA record. CNAME: CNAME record. TXT: TXT record. MX: MX record. PTR: PTR record.
- `value` (String) Record value.
- `zid` (Number) Domain name ID.

### Optional

- `enable` (Boolean) Indicates whether the DNS record is enabled.
- `line` (String) DNS record route, only the default route 'default' is supported.
- `remark` (String) Remarks. Supports UTF-8 characters. Maximum 16 characters. Default is an empty string.
- `ttl` (Number) DNS record TTL (time to live), in seconds. Default is 600.
- `weight` (Number) Record weight. The weight takes effect only when load balancing is enabled for the domain name.
- `weight_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether load balancing is enabled for this record set.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Creation time of the DNS record.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_operator` (String) Account ID of the most recent update to the DNS record.
- `record_id` (String) DNS record ID.
- `updated_at` (String) Last update time of the DNS record.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_privatezone_record.example "record_id"
```