---
page_title: "volcenginecc_privatezone_resolver_endpoint Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "PrivateZone"
description: |-
  In scenarios where external DNS query requests are forwarded to the resolver, you need to create an endpoint. After receiving DNS query requests forwarded by the resolver, outbound endpoints forward DNS queries to external DNS servers. After receiving DNS query requests from external sources, inbound endpoints forward DNS queries to the resolver
---

# volcenginecc_privatezone_resolver_endpoint (Resource)

In scenarios where external DNS query requests are forwarded to the resolver, you need to create an endpoint. After receiving DNS query requests forwarded by the resolver, outbound endpoints forward DNS queries to external DNS servers. After receiving DNS query requests from external sources, inbound endpoints forward DNS queries to the resolver

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_privatezone_resolver_endpoint" "PrivateZoneResolverEndpointDemo" {
  name          = "PrivateZoneResolverEndpointDemo"
  vpc_id        = "vpc-3nrh1tqschwcg931eaqxxxxx"
  endpoint_type = "IPv4"
  ip_configs = [
    {
      az_id     = "cn-beijing-a"
      subnet_id = "subnet-bt50na0bf6kg5h0b2u1xxxxx"
      ip        = "192.168.xx.44"
    },
    {
      az_id     = "cn-beijing-b"
      subnet_id = "subnet-1a14u8n59jdvk8nvepjyxxxxx"
      ip        = "192.168.xx.154"
    }
  ]
  project_name = "default"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
  vpc_region = "cn-beijing"
  direction  = "OUTBOUND"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Endpoint name. Supports UTF-8 format
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID where the endpoint is located
- `vpc_region` (String) Region of the VPC where the endpoint is located

### Optional

- `direction` (String) DNS request forwarding direction for the endpoint. OUTBOUND (default): outbound endpoint forwards DNS queries from within the VPC to external DNS servers. INBOUND: inbound endpoint forwards DNS queries from external sources to the resolver
- `endpoint_type` (String) Endpoint type. IPv4: IPv4 endpoint. DualStack: dual-stack endpoint
- `ip_configs` (Attributes Set) Availability zone, subnet, and IP configuration for the endpoint
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_configs))
- `project_name` (String) Project name to which the endpoint belongs. Default is default
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (String) Creation time
- `endpoint_id` (String) Endpoint ID
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `security_group_id` (String) Security group ID for the endpoint IP address. The endpoint uses a default security group: For outbound endpoints, inbound traffic is denied; outbound traffic allows TCP port 53 and UDP port 53 to 0.0.0.0/0. For inbound endpoints, inbound traffic allows TCP port 53 and UDP port 53 to 0.0.0.0/0; outbound traffic is denied
- `status` (String) Endpoint status. Creating: creating. Running: running. Updating: updating. Error: abnormal operation
- `updated_time` (String) Update time

<a id="nestedatt--ip_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_configs`

Optional:

- `az_id` (String) Availability zone for the endpoint IP address. To ensure high availability, it is recommended to add at least 2 availability zones
- `ip` (String) IPv4 address of the endpoint. If you do not set this parameter, the system automatically assigns an IP address. You can add up to 6 IP addresses
- `ipv_6` (String) IPv6 address of the endpoint. If you do not set this parameter, the system automatically assigns an IP address. You can add up to 6 IP addresses
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet ID for the endpoint IP address


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) User tag key
- `value` (String) User tag value

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_privatezone_resolver_endpoint.example "endpoint_id"
```