---
page_title: "volcenginecc_privatelink_gateway_endpoint Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "PrivateLink"
description: |-
  Gateway endpoint
---

# volcenginecc_privatelink_gateway_endpoint (Resource)

Gateway endpoint

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_privatelink_gateway_endpoint" "PrivateLinkGatewayEndpointDemo" {
  description   = "ccapi-test"
  vpc_id        = "vpc-2ntqlxxxxxxxxxrlvfu7z"
  endpoint_name = "test-endpoint"
  project_name  = "default"
  vpc_policy    = "{\"Statement\":[{\"Effect\":\"Allow\",\"Principal\":\"*\",\"Action\":\"*\",\"Resource\":\"*\",\"Condition\":null}]}"
  tags = [{
    key   = "env"
    value = "test"
  }]
  service_id = "gwepsvc-3rxxxxxxsk2ilz3f62"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `service_id` (String) ID of the gateway endpoint service
- `vpc_id` (String) ID of the VPC to which the gateway endpoint belongs

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the gateway endpoint
- `endpoint_name` (String) Name of the gateway endpoint
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the gateway endpoint belongs
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information of the endpoint. Length limit: 1–128 characters. Case sensitive. Key cannot start with volc: or sys: in any combination of uppercase or lowercase letters. Cannot start or end with a space. Letters, numbers, spaces (), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals (=), plus (+), minus (-), and @ are allowed.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `vpc_policy` (String) Access policy of the gateway endpoint. If not specified, the default policy is used. The default policy allows the gateway endpoint to access all bucket resources in the object storage service.

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) Creation time of the gateway endpoint
- `endpoint_id` (String) ID of the gateway endpoint
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `service_name` (String) Name of the gateway endpoint service
- `status` (String) Status of the gateway endpoint. Creating: Being created. Pending: Configuration being modified. Available: Available. Deleting: Being deleted.
- `update_time` (String) Most recent operation time of the gateway endpoint

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key of the endpoint tag
- `value` (String) Tag value of the endpoint tag

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_privatelink_gateway_endpoint.example "endpoint_id"
```
