---
page_title: "volcenginecc_rabbitmq_instance_plugin Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "RabbitMQ"
description: |-
  After you create an instance in the RabbitMQ console, plugins are disabled by default. You can manually enable or disable plugins for the instance. Enabling or disabling certain plugins will cause a rolling restart of the cluster. It is recommended to perform this operation outside of business hours. A rolling restart may result in the loss of non-persistent messages and temporary connection instability, such as connection drops. After a connection drop, whether the client automatically reconnects depends on its configuration
---

# volcenginecc_rabbitmq_instance_plugin (Resource)

After you create an instance in the RabbitMQ console, plugins are disabled by default. You can manually enable or disable plugins for the instance. Enabling or disabling certain plugins will cause a rolling restart of the cluster. It is recommended to perform this operation outside of business hours. A rolling restart may result in the loss of non-persistent messages and temporary connection instability, such as connection drops. After a connection drop, whether the client automatically reconnects depends on its configuration

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_rabbitmq_instance_plugin" "instancepluginDemo" {
  instance_id = "rbtmq-db26b7****"
  plugin_name = "ccapi-test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID

### Optional

- `plugin_name` (String) Plugin name

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Plugin description
- `disable_prompt` (String) Notes for disabling this plugin
- `enable_prompt` (String) Notes for enabling this plugin
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is enabled. true: The plugin is enabled. false: The plugin is disabled
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `need_reboot_on_change` (Boolean) Whether enabling or disabling the plugin will cause a RabbitMQ instance restart. true: The instance will restart. false: The instance will not restart
- `port` (Number) Plugin listening port
- `version` (String) Plugin version

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_rabbitmq_instance_plugin.example "instance_id|plugin_name"
```