---
page_title: "volcenginecc_rabbitmq_instance Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "RabbitMQ"
description: |-
  RabbitMQ Message Queue is a distributed, high-availability message queue product that supports the AMQP (Advanced Message Queuing Protocol) protocol. It is fully compatible with the RabbitMQ open-source ecosystem and multi-language clients, provides rich messaging features and flexible message routing, and offers the advantages of distributed architecture, high throughput, low latency, and flexible scalability as a cloud messaging service. No user deployment or maintenance is required, enabling easy and rapid cloud adoption.
---

# volcenginecc_rabbitmq_instance (Resource)

RabbitMQ Message Queue is a distributed, high-availability message queue product that supports the AMQP (Advanced Message Queuing Protocol) protocol. It is fully compatible with the RabbitMQ open-source ecosystem and multi-language clients, provides rich messaging features and flexible message routing, and offers the advantages of distributed architecture, high throughput, low latency, and flexible scalability as a cloud messaging service. No user deployment or maintenance is required, enabling easy and rapid cloud adoption.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_rabbitmq_instance" "RabbitMQInstanceDemo" {
  zone_id              = "cn-beijing-a"
  user_name            = "RabbitMQInstanceDemo"
  compute_spec         = "rabbitmq.n1.x4.small"
  version              = "3.12"
  user_password        = "********"
  storage_space        = 100
  instance_description = "RabbitMQInstanceDemo"
  vpc_id               = "vpc-1a1vgeo93yxxx8nvepjxxxxx"
  charge_detail = {
    charge_type = "PostPaid"
  }
  subnet_id     = "subnet-ij9s4hxxxs3k74o8cuxxxxx"
  eip_id        = "eip-1c0qhbjo7xxxw5e8j70axxxxx"
  instance_name = "RabbitMQInstanceDemo"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
  project_name = "default"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `compute_spec` (String) Compute specification of the RabbitMQ instance.
- `storage_space` (Number) Total storage space of the instance, measured in GiB.
- `subnet_id` (String) VPC subnet ID.
- `user_name` (String) RabbitMQ WebUI administrator account name.
- `user_password` (String) RabbitMQ WebUI administrator password.
- `version` (String) Supported RabbitMQ versions. Currently supported versions include: 3.8.18: RabbitMQ version 3.8.18.
- `vpc_id` (String) Private network (VPC) ID.
- `zone_id` (String) Availability zone ID where the instance is located. For high-availability instances across AZs, multiple availability zone IDs are returned.

### Optional

- `charge_detail` (Attributes) Instance billing method and related billing information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--charge_detail))
- `eip_id` (String) EIP ID.
- `instance_description` (String) Brief description of the instance.
- `instance_name` (String) RabbitMQ instance name.
- `project_name` (String) IAM project to which the instance belongs.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags bound to the instance.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Main account ID used to create the instance.
- `apply_private_dns_to_public` (Boolean) Whether public DNS resolution is enabled. true: enabled, false: disabled.
- `arch_type` (String) Instance type, either cluster or standalone.
- `created_time` (String) Instance creation time.
- `endpoints` (Attributes Set) Instance connection information.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `instance_id` (String) RabbitMQ instance ID.
- `instance_status` (String) Instance status.
- `is_encrypted` (Boolean) Whether cloud disk encryption is enabled.
- `used_storage_space` (Number) Used storage space of the instance, measured in GiB.
- `zone_description` (String) Description of the availability zone.

<a id="nestedatt--charge_detail"></a>
### Nested Schema for `charge_detail`

Optional:

- `auto_renew` (Boolean) Whether to automatically renew the subscription instance after expiration.
- `charge_type` (String) Instance billing type. Supported types include: PostPaid: pay-as-you-go, PrePaid: subscription.
- `period` (Number) Subscription instance purchase duration. When PeriodUnit is set to Month, the value range is 1–9. When PeriodUnit is set to Year, the value range is 1–3.
- `period_unit` (String) Unit for purchase duration. Values: MONTHLY: monthly purchase, YEARLY: annual purchase.

Read-Only:

- `charge_end_time` (String) Instance billing end time. The time format is YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:MM:SS'Z'.
- `charge_expire_time` (String) Expiration time of the subscription instance. The time format is YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:MM:SS'Z'.
- `charge_start_time` (String) Instance billing start time. The time format is YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:MM:SS'Z'.
- `charge_status` (String) Instance billing status. Includes: Normal: normal, Overdue: pay-as-you-go overdue, Expired: subscription expired.
- `overdue_reclaim_time` (String) Estimated release time after the instance is suspended due to overdue payment. Time format: YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:MM:SS'Z'.
- `overdue_time` (String) Instance suspension time due to overdue payment. Time format: YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:MM:SS'Z'.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key.
- `value` (String) Tag value.


<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `endpoint_type` (String) Type of instance endpoint. RabbitMQ instances provide the following endpoint types: WEB: Web UI endpoint, AMQP0_9_1: AMQP endpoint, MQTT: MQTT endpoint, WEB_MQTT: WEB and MQTT endpoints, STOMP: STOMP endpoint.
- `internal_endpoint` (String) Private network access domain name of the instance.
- `internal_ip_endpoint` (String) Public service zone IP endpoint.
- `network_type` (String) Network type of the endpoint. PrivateNetwork indicates a private network (VPC).
- `public_endpoint` (String) Instance public access domain name. Displayed only after public access is enabled.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_rabbitmq_instance.example "instance_id"
```