---
page_title: "volcenginecc_rdsmysql_allow_list Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "RDSMySQL"
description: |-
  The allowlist is a security measure for database connections. Only IP addresses in the allowlist can access the database.
---

# volcenginecc_rdsmysql_allow_list (Resource)

The allowlist is a security measure for database connections. Only IP addresses in the allowlist can access the database.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_rdsmysql_allow_list" "RdsMysqlAllowListDemo" {
  user_allow_list     = ["1.2.3.4"]
  allow_list_category = "Default"
  allow_list_desc     = "this is a test"
  allow_list_name     = "ccapi-test-2"
  allow_list_type     = "IPv4"
  project_name        = "default"
  security_group_bind_infos = [
    {
      bind_mode         = "AssociateEcsIp"
      ip_list           = null
      security_group_id = "sg-1a10axxxxxvepkdgqgnu"
    security_group_name = "Default" },
    {
      bind_mode         = "IngressDirectionIp"
      ip_list           = ["100.70.0.0/16", "100.72.0.0/16", "0.0.0.0/0"]
      security_group_id = "sg-3nqt4kwxxxxx931ebkntmrc"
    security_group_name = "Default" }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `allow_list` (Set of String) IP address list in the allowlist
- `allow_list_category` (String) Allowlist category. Values: Ordinary: Ordinary allowlist. Default: Default allowlist. Note: When used as a request parameter, the default value is Ordinary.
- `allow_list_desc` (String) Allowlist remarks.
- `allow_list_name` (String) Allowlist name.
- `allow_list_type` (String) IP address types in the allowlist. Only IPv4 addresses are currently supported.
- `associated_instance_num` (Number) Total number of instances bound to the allowlist.
- `ignore_instance_status` (Boolean) Ignore instance status check. Values: true: Yes. false: No. Default value.
- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID.
- `modify_mode` (String) Modification method. Available values: Cover (default): Overwrite the original allowlist with the values from the AllowList parameter. Append: Add the IP addresses entered in the AllowList parameter to the original allowlist. Delete: Remove the IP addresses entered in the AllowList parameter from the original allowlist. At least one IP address must remain.
- `project_name` (String) Project. Note: If the AK/SK used to call the API belongs to a sub-account that only has permission for a specific project, you need to provide this request parameter.
- `security_group_bind_infos` (Attributes Set) Information about the security group associated with the allowlist. Note: This field cannot be used together with SecurityGroupIds.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_group_bind_infos))
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) List of security group IDs to associate. Note: You can call the DescribeSecurityGroups API to query security group information, including security group IDs. A single allowlist can add up to 10 security groups at a time. This field cannot be used together with SecurityGroupBindInfos.
- `update_security_group` (Boolean) Whether to update the security group bound to the allowlist. true: update. false: do not update. Default value. This field is effective only when the allowlist is already bound to a security group. You can call the DescribeAllowLists API to check if the allowlist is bound to a security group.
- `user_allow_list` (Set of String) IP addresses entered by the user in this list. The IPs in the AllowList field are the union of IPs included in UserAllowList and SecurityGroupBindInfos.

### Read-Only

- `allow_list_id` (String) Allowlist ID.
- `allow_list_ip_num` (Number) Total number of IP addresses (or ranges) in the allowlist.
- `associated_instances` (Attributes Set) Instance information bound to the current allowlist.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associated_instances))
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `ip_list` (Set of String) List of IP addresses and IP ranges included in the allowlist. Returned when the WithIpList request parameter is set to true; returns null when set to false or not specified.

<a id="nestedatt--security_group_bind_infos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_group_bind_infos`

Optional:

- `bind_mode` (String) Mode for associating security groups. Values: IngressDirectionIp: Inbound IP. AssociateEcsIp: Associate ECS IP. Note: In the CreateAllowList API, the BindMode and SecurityGroupId fields of SecurityGroupBindInfoObject are required.
- `ip_list` (Set of String) Security group IP address list.
- `security_group_id` (String) Security group ID.
- `security_group_name` (String) Security group name.


<a id="nestedatt--associated_instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associated_instances`

Read-Only:

- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID bound to the current allowlist.
- `instance_name` (String) Instance name bound to the current allowlist.
- `instance_status` (String) Instance status.
- `is_latest` (Boolean) Has the latest allowlist been synchronized? Values: true: Yes. false: No. Note: When modifying the allowlist, if the instance is not running, changes to the allowlist will not be immediately synchronized to the instance.
- `vpc` (String) Private network ID of the instance.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_rdsmysql_allow_list.example "allow_list_id"
```