---
page_title: "volcenginecc_rdsmysql_database Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "RDSMySQL"
description: |-
  Database
---

# volcenginecc_rdsmysql_database (Resource)

Database

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_rdsmysql_database" "DatabaseDemo" {
  character_set_name = "utf8"
  database_privileges = [
    {
      account_name      = "a***"
      account_privilege = "ReadOnly"
    host = "%" }
  ]
  description = "Demo Example"
  instance_id = "mysql-779***"
  name        = "rdstest"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_id` (String) Database instance ID.
- `name` (String) Database name. Naming rules: must be unique; length must be 2–64 characters; must start with a letter and end with a letter or number; can contain letters, numbers, underscores (_), or hyphens (-); certain reserved words, such as root and admin, cannot be used.

### Optional

- `character_set_name` (String) Database character set. Supported character sets: utf8, utf8mb4 (default), latin1, ascii.
- `database_privileges` (Attributes Set) Database privilege authorization information.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database_privileges))
- `description` (String) Database description, up to 256 characters. This field is optional. If not set, or if set with a description length of 0, the description will be empty.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) Database status. Values: Unavailable (not available), Available (available).

<a id="nestedatt--database_privileges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database_privileges`

Optional:

- `account_name` (String) Database account name.
- `account_privilege` (String) Granted account privilege type. Values: ReadWrite (read and write privileges), ReadOnly (read-only privileges), DDLOnly (DDL privileges only), DMLOnly (DML privileges only), Custom (custom privileges).
- `host` (String) The specified database account can access the database from the IP address. Default value: %. If Host is set to %, the account can access the database from any IP address. If Host is set to 192.10.10.%, the account can access the database from IP addresses between 192.10.10.0 and 192.10.10.255. The specified Host must be added to the instance's allowlist.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_rdsmysql_database.example "instance_id|name"
```