---
page_title: "volcenginecc_rdsmysql_db_account Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "RDSMySQL"
description: |-
  Database account.
---

# volcenginecc_rdsmysql_db_account (Resource)

Database account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_rdsmysql_db_account" "RDSMySQLDBAccountDemo" {
  account_desc     = "RDSMySQLDBAccountDemo desc"
  instance_id      = "mysql-a5b5caexxxxx"
  account_name     = "RDSMySQLDBAccountDemo"
  account_password = "********"
  account_type     = "Normal"
  account_privileges = [
    {
      account_privilege        = "Custom"
      account_privilege_detail = ["CREATE", "DROP", "REFERENCES", "INDEX"]
    db_name = "test" },
    {
      account_privilege        = "Global"
      account_privilege_detail = ["PROCESS", "REPLICATION SLAVE", "REPLICATION CLIENT", "DROP", "ALTER"]
    db_name = "" }
  ]
  host                    = "%"
  table_column_privileges = []
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_name` (String) Database account name. Naming rules: Must be 2–32 characters long. Must start with a letter and end with a letter or number. Can contain letters, numbers, underscores (_), and hyphens (-). The account name must be unique within the instance. Certain reserved words cannot be used; for disabled reserved words, see the disabled word list. Note: The keywords root and admin can be used in high-privilege account names.
- `account_password` (String) Database account password. Rules: Length must be 8–32 characters. Must include at least three of the following: uppercase letters, lowercase letters, numbers, special characters. Allowed special characters: !@#$%^&*()_+-=,.&?|/.
- `account_type` (String) Account type. Value options: Super: high-privilege account. Normal: regular account.
- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID.

### Optional

- `account_desc` (String) Account information description, maximum length 256 characters.
- `account_privileges` (Attributes Set) Specified database privilege information for the account. Note: When AccountType is set to Super, AccountPrivileges does not need to be specified.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--account_privileges))
- `host` (String) IP address from which the specified database account can access the database.
- `table_column_privileges` (Attributes Set) Account table column permission settings.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--table_column_privileges))

### Read-Only

- `account_privileges_sql` (Set of String) SQL statement for the account's specified database permission information.
- `account_status` (String) Account status. Values: Unavailable: unavailable. Available: available.
- `has_table_column_privilege_db_names` (Set of String) The database to which the account's table/column privileges belong. Note: If the account does not have table/column privileges, this field will not be returned.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--account_privileges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `account_privileges`

Optional:

- `account_privilege` (String) Type of database permission. Value options: ReadWrite: read and write permission. ReadOnly: read-only permission. DDLOnly: DDL permission only. DMLOnly: DML permission only. Custom: custom permission. Global: global permission. None: clear account permission. Note: When used as a request parameter, pay attention to the following: Only Global and None are allowed as values when used as request parameters. Permission type is single-select; passing multiple values will result in an error. Only the GrantDBAccountPrivilege API supports None as a value for AccountPrivilege. When AccountPrivilege is set to None and DBName is an empty string, all global permissions for the account are cleared. If DBName is set to a specific database, all permissions for the account in that database are cleared.
- `account_privilege_detail` (Set of String) Account privilege information. When AccountPrivilege is set to Custom, the valid values for this field are: SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE, CREATE, DROP, REFERENCES, INDEX, ALTER, CREATE TEMPORARY TABLES, LOCK TABLES, EXECUTE, CREATE VIEW, SHOW VIEW, EVENT, TRIGGER, CREATE ROUTINE, ALTER ROUTINE. When AccountPrivilege is set to Global, the valid values for this field are: PROCESS, REPLICATION SLAVE, REPLICATION CLIENT, SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE, CREATE, DROP, RELOAD, REFERENCES, INDEX, ALTER, LOCK TABLES, EXECUTE, CREATE VIEW, SHOW VIEW, CREATE ROUTINE, ALTER ROUTINE, CREATE USER, EVENT, TRIGGER, SHOW DATABASES, CREATE TEMPORARY TABLES. Note: When used as a request parameter, this field is required if AccountPrivilege is set to Custom. In the CreateDBAccount API, REPLICATION SLAVE, PROCESS, and REPLICATION CLIENT global privileges are automatically granted to the account. Multiple values can be specified, separated by commas (,). The write mode is overwrite.
- `db_name` (String) The name of the database for which account authorization needs to be modified or for which the account already has privileges. Note: When used as a request parameter in the CreateDBAccount and GrantDBAccountPrivilege APIs, ensure that the database corresponding to DBName already exists. For global privilege modifications, set DBName to an empty string.


<a id="nestedatt--table_column_privileges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `table_column_privileges`

Optional:

- `column_privileges` (Attributes Set) Account column permission information.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--table_column_privileges--column_privileges))
- `db_name` (String) Name of the database to which the table belongs for setting permissions for the account.
- `table_privileges` (Attributes Set) Account table permission information.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--table_column_privileges--table_privileges))

<a id="nestedatt--table_column_privileges--column_privileges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `table_column_privileges.column_privileges`

Optional:

- `account_privilege_detail` (Set of String) Permission information for setting column permissions for the account. Values (multiple selections allowed): INSERT, REFERENCES, SELECT, UPDATE. Note: Use commas (,) to separate multiple permissions.
- `column_name` (String) Name of the column for setting column permissions for the account.
- `table_name` (String) Name of the database to which the table belongs for setting column permissions for the account.


<a id="nestedatt--table_column_privileges--table_privileges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `table_column_privileges.table_privileges`

Optional:

- `account_privilege_detail` (Set of String) Account table permissions. Value options (multiple selections allowed): ALTER, CREATE, DELETE, DROP, INDEX, INSERT, SELECT, SHOW, VIEW, TRIGGER, UPDATE, CREATE VIEW, REFERENCES. Note: Use commas (,) to separate multiple permissions.
- `table_name` (String) Name of the table for setting permissions for the account.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_rdsmysql_db_account.example "instance_id|account_name|host"
```