---
page_title: "volcenginecc_rdspostgresql_database Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "RDSPostgreSQL"
description: |-
  The database is an independent database within a PostgreSQL instance, used to store and manage data.
---

# volcenginecc_rdspostgresql_database (Resource)

The database is an independent database within a PostgreSQL instance, used to store and manage data.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_rdspostgresql_database" "RDSPostgreSQLDatabaseDemo" {
  instance_id        = "postgres-8d1fcxxxxxx"
  db_name            = "ccapi-terraform-1001"
  character_set_name = "utf8"
  owner              = "test-1"
  collate            = "C"
  c_type             = "C.UTF-8"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `db_name` (String) Database name. Naming rules: Length must be 2–63 characters. Can contain letters, numbers, underscores, or hyphens. Must start with a letter and end with a letter or number. Reserved keywords are not allowed. For a list of all disabled keywords, see Disabled Keywords.
- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID

### Optional

- `c_type` (String) Character classification. Supported values: C (default), C.UTF-8, en_US.utf8, zh_CN.utf8, and POSIX
- `character_set_name` (String) Database character set. Supported character sets: utf8 (default), latin1, ascii
- `collate` (String) Collation. Supported values: C (default), C.UTF-8, en_US.utf8, zh_CN.utf8, and POSIX
- `owner` (String) Database owner. Note: Read-only instance accounts, high-privilege accounts with DDL permissions disabled, or regular accounts with DDL permissions disabled cannot be set as the database owner. If no value is provided or the value is empty, this field defaults to rds superuser

### Read-Only

- `db_status` (String) Database status: Unavailable: Not available. Available: Available.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_rdspostgresql_database.example "instance_id|db_name"
```