---
page_title: "volcenginecc_rdspostgresql_db_account Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "RDSPostgreSQL"
description: |-
  RDS PostgreSQL Database Account
---

# volcenginecc_rdspostgresql_db_account (Resource)

RDS PostgreSQL Database Account

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_rdspostgresql_db_account" "RDSPostgreSQLDBAccountNormalDemo" {
  instance_id          = "postgres-xxxxxxx"
  account_name         = "ccapi-test-Normal"
  account_password     = "**********"
  account_type         = "Normal"
  account_privileges   = "Inherit,Login,CreateRole,CreateDB"
  not_allow_privileges = ["DDL"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_name` (String) Database account name. The account name rules are as follows: Length must be 2–63 characters. Can contain letters, numbers, underscores (_), or hyphens (-). Must start with a letter and end with a letter or number. Cannot start with pg_. Reserved keywords cannot be used. For all disabled keywords, see Disabled Keywords.
- `account_password` (String) Database account password. The password rules are as follows: Length must be 8–32 characters. Must contain any three of the following: uppercase letters, lowercase letters, numbers, special characters. Supported special characters: !@#$%^*()&_+-=.
- `account_type` (String) Database account type. Valid values: Super: High privilege account. Normal: Normal account. InstanceReadOnly: Instance read-only account.

### Optional

- `account_privileges` (String) Account permission information. Separate multiple permissions with commas (,). Valid values: Login: Login permission. Inherit: Inherit permission. CreateRole: Create role permission. CreateDB: Create database permission. Note: If the account type is high privilege, you do not need to provide this parameter; all permissions are supported by default. If the account type is normal, you can provide this parameter; the default values are Login and Inherit. If the account type is instance read-only, that is, AccountType is set to InstanceReadOnly, this parameter is not supported.
- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID
- `not_allow_privileges` (Set of String) Permissions disabled for the account. Currently, only DDL is supported. Note: This field can only be provided for high privilege or normal accounts, that is, when AccountType is set to Super or Normal.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_rdspostgresql_db_account.example "instance_id|account_name"
```