---
page_title: "volcenginecc_rdspostgresql_db_endpoint Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "RDSPostgreSQL"
description: |-
  The connection endpoint is a network proxy service positioned between the database and the application, handling all requests from the application to the database. It features high availability, high performance, maintainability, and ease of use, and supports advanced functions such as read/write splitting and load balancing. The PostgreSQL cloud database provides two types of endpoints: default endpoint and custom read-only endpoint.
---

# volcenginecc_rdspostgresql_db_endpoint (Resource)

The connection endpoint is a network proxy service positioned between the database and the application, handling all requests from the application to the database. It features high availability, high performance, maintainability, and ease of use, and supports advanced functions such as read/write splitting and load balancing. The PostgreSQL cloud database provides two types of endpoints: default endpoint and custom read-only endpoint.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_rdspostgresql_db_endpoint" "RdsPostgresqlDbEndpointDemo" {
  endpoint_name   = "ccapi-test-1"
  endpoint_type   = "Custom"
  instance_id     = "postgres-9dxxxxxd"
  nodes           = "Primary"
  read_write_mode = "ReadWrite"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `addresses` (Attributes Set) Address list.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--addresses))
- `enable_read_write_splitting` (String) Whether read/write splitting is enabled. Values: Enable: Enabled. Disable: Not enabled.
- `endpoint_name` (String) Instance connection endpoint name.
- `endpoint_type` (String) Endpoint type: Cluster: default endpoint (created by default). Custom: custom endpoint.
- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID.
- `nodes` (String) List of nodes configured for the connection endpoint. Note: Required when EndpointType is Custom. The primary node does not require a node ID; use the string 'Primary'.
- `read_only_node_distribution_type` (String) Read-only weight allocation mode. Values: Default: standard weight allocation (default). Custom: custom weight allocation.
- `read_only_node_max_delay_time` (Number) Maximum latency threshold for read-only nodes. When the latency of a read-only node exceeds this value, read traffic will not be sent to that node. Unit: seconds. Range: 0~3600. Default: 30. Note: This parameter can be set for default endpoints with read/write splitting enabled.
- `read_only_node_weights` (Attributes Set) List of nodes configured for the connection endpoint and their corresponding read-only weights.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--read_only_node_weights))
- `read_write_mode` (String) Read/write mode: ReadWrite: read/write. ReadOnly: read-only.
- `read_write_proxy_connection` (Number) After enabling read/write splitting for the endpoint, set the number of proxy connections for the endpoint. The minimum value for proxy connections is 20. The maximum value depends on the specifications of the primary node; different specifications support different maximum proxy connections. For details, see product specifications.
- `write_node_halt_writing` (Boolean) Whether the endpoint sends write requests to the write node (currently only the primary node is the write node). Values: true: Yes (default). false: No.

### Read-Only

- `auto_add_new_nodes` (String) When the endpoint type is read/write or read-only, you can configure whether new nodes are automatically added. Values: Enable: Automatically add. Disable: Do not automatically add (default).
- `description` (String) Address description
- `enable_read_only` (String) Whether global read-only is enabled. Enable: Enabled. Disable: Not enabled.
- `endpoint_id` (String) Instance connection endpoint ID.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `addresses`

Optional:

- `dns_visibility` (Boolean) Whether public network resolution is enabled. Values: false: Default, private network resolution. true: Both private and public network resolution.
- `domain_prefix` (String) New access address prefix. The access address prefix must meet the following rules: consists of lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens (-). Must contain at least 8 characters. The total length (including suffix) must not exceed 63 characters. Must start with a lowercase letter and end with a lowercase letter or number.
- `port` (String) Port number.


<a id="nestedatt--read_only_node_weights"></a>
### Nested Schema for `read_only_node_weights`

Optional:

- `node_id` (String) Read-only nodes require the NodeId to be provided.
- `node_type` (String) Node type. Values: Primary: primary node. ReadOnly: read-only node.
- `weight` (Number) Read weight of the node, increases in increments of 100, maximum value is 40000. Note: Weights cannot all be set to 0.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_rdspostgresql_db_endpoint.example "instance_id|endpoint_id"
```