---
page_title: "volcenginecc_redis_instance Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "Redis"
description: |-
  The basic unit of Redis cache database is the instance. An instance is an independent, virtualized database runtime environment, consisting of multiple data nodes and proxy nodes. The Redis engine runs on the data nodes.
---

# volcenginecc_redis_instance (Resource)

The basic unit of Redis cache database is the instance. An instance is an independent, virtualized database runtime environment, consisting of multiple data nodes and proxy nodes. The Redis engine runs on the data nodes.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_redis_instance" "RedisInstanceDemo" {
  instance_name       = "RedisInstance"
  sharded_cluster     = 1
  password            = "********"
  node_number         = 2
  shard_capacity      = 512
  shard_number        = 2
  engine_version      = "5.0"
  vpc_id              = "vpc-13f8xxxx"
  subnet_id           = "vpc_subnet-xxxx"
  deletion_protection = "disabled"
  charge_type         = "PostPaid"
  port                = 6381
  project_name        = "default"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
  multi_az = "enabled"
  configure_nodes = [
    {
    az = "cn-beijing-a" },
    {
    az = "cn-beijing-b" }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configure_nodes` (Attributes List) Set the list of availability zones to which the node belongs.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configure_nodes))
- `engine_version` (String) Database version number.
- `multi_az` (String) Set the deployment scheme for the instance's availability zone.
- `node_number` (Number) Number of nodes in each shard. Value range: 1–6. By default, each account can create up to 4 nodes of 256 MiB specification per region. To increase the quota limit to 10, see Account Quotas. A value of 1 creates a single-node instance; a value greater than 1 creates a primary-secondary instance. For details on the differences between these two types of instances, see Feature Differences.
- `shard_capacity` (Number) Memory capacity of each shard in the instance. Unit: MiB.
- `sharded_cluster` (Number) Whether to enable sharded cluster. Value options: 0: Disabled. 1: Enabled.
- `subnet_id` (String) Set the subnet ID for the instance. Subnets have availability zone attributes; you must select a subnet in the target private network that belongs to the same availability zone as the instance. A subnet is an IP address block within a private network. All cloud resources in the private network must be deployed in a subnet. The subnet assigns private IP addresses to cloud resources. You can call the CreateSubnet API to create a subnet. You can call the DescribeSubnets API to query the list of all subnets in a specified availability zone, including subnet IDs.
- `vpc_id` (String) Set the private network ID for the instance. It is recommended that the Redis instance and the ECS instance you want to connect to are in the same private network; otherwise, they cannot communicate optimally via the internal network. You can call the CreateVpc API to create a private network. You can call the DescribeVpcs API to query private network information that meets specified conditions, including the private network ID.

### Optional

- `allow_list_ids` (Set of String) Allowlist ID list. If left empty, the new instance will not be added to any allowlist by default. You can call the DescribeAllowLists API to query all IP allowlist information, including allowlist IDs, for the specified region under your account. Each instance supports binding up to 100 allowlists, and you can batch bind up to 100 allowlists at a time. Each instance supports binding up to 1000 IP addresses or CIDR-format IP address ranges.
- `auto_renew` (Boolean) Whether to enable auto-renewal. Value options: false (default): Disabled; true: Enabled.
- `backup_point_name` (String) Set a backup name for the full backup created before changes.
- `charge_type` (String) Instance billing type. Value options: PrePaid: Subscription (also called prepaid). PostPaid: Pay-as-you-go (also called postpaid).
- `create_backup` (Boolean) Whether to create a backup before making changes.
- `deletion_protection` (String) Enable or disable instance deletion protection.
- `instance_name` (String) Instance name. Naming rules: Cannot start with a digit or hyphen (-); can only contain Chinese characters, letters, digits, underscores (_), and hyphens (-); length must be 1–128 characters.
- `no_auth_mode` (String) Enable or disable password-free access for new instances. Valid values: open: enable password-free access; close (default): disable password-free access.
- `parameter_group_id` (String) The parameter template to be applied to the new instance. Redis for Cache Database creates a default system parameter template for each database version, which includes all parameters supported by that version and their default values. If this parameter is left blank, the system will select and apply the corresponding version's system parameter template for the new instance based on the database version you set (i.e., EngineVersion). You can call the DescribeParameterGroups API to query basic information about all parameter templates under your account and region, including the parameter template ID.
- `password` (String) Set the password for the default account of the default database.
- `port` (Number) Custom port number for the private network connection address. Value range: 1024~65535. If this parameter is left blank, the private network connection address uses port 6379 by default. After the instance is created, you can also modify the port number of the private network address. For instructions, see Modify Port Number.
- `project_name` (String) Project to which the instance belongs.
- `purchase_months` (Number) Purchase duration, unit: month. Value options: Monthly purchase: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. Annual purchase: 12, 24, 36. When ChargeType is PrePaid, this parameter is required.
- `reserve_additional_bandwidth` (Boolean) Set whether to reserve additional bandwidth
- `shard_number` (Number) Number of shards in the instance. Value range: 2–256. Specify this parameter only when ShardedCluster is set to 1 (enabled).
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Set the tag list for the instance.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `blue_green_role` (String) Blue-green deployment role of the instance. Valid values: Blue: blue instance. Green: green instance. This parameter is returned only for Redis instances that have used the blue-green deployment feature.
- `capacity` (Attributes) Capacity information of the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capacity))
- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the instance.
- `data_layout` (String) Data storage type of the instance. This parameter is only relevant for Enterprise Edition instances (ServiceType=Enterprise). Community Edition instances (ServiceType=Basic) do not involve data storage type, and DataLayout is always set to RAM. If this parameter is left empty, data storage type is not used as a filter.
- `expired_time` (String) Instance expiration time.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `instance_class` (String) Type of Redis instance. Valid values: PrimarySecondary: primary-secondary instance; Standalone: single-node instance. If this parameter is left empty, instance type is not used as a filter. For more information about instance types, see Product Architecture.
- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID.
- `instance_shards` (Attributes Set) Detailed list of all shards in the instance.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_shards))
- `maintenance_time` (String) Maintenance window for the instance, format: HH:mm-HH:mm (UTC+8).
- `max_connections` (Number) Current maximum connections per shard for the instance. The default connection limit per shard is 10,000. You can also call the ModifyDBInstanceMaxConn API to adjust the maximum connections per shard based on your business needs.
- `node_ids` (Set of String) List of Proxy and Server node IDs.
- `private_address` (String) The domain name for the instance's private network connection address.
- `private_port` (String) Port number for the instance's private network connection address.
- `service_type` (String) Service type of the instance
- `status` (String) Service type of the instance. Value options: Basic (default): Community Edition; Enterprise: Enterprise Edition.
- `vi_pv_6` (String) The IPv6 address corresponding to the instance's private network connection address. This parameter is returned only if the instance uses an IPv6 address.
- `vip` (String) IPv4 address corresponding to the instance's private network connection address.
- `visit_addrs` (Attributes Set) Connection address information.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--visit_addrs))
- `vpc_auth_mode` (String) Enable or disable password-free access. Valid values: open: enable password-free access; close: disable password-free access. Values are case-insensitive.
- `zone_ids` (Set of String) List of available zones where the instance is located.

<a id="nestedatt--configure_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configure_nodes`

Optional:

- `az` (String) The availability zone each node belongs to.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key.
- `value` (String) Tag value.


<a id="nestedatt--capacity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacity`

Read-Only:

- `total` (Number) Total memory capacity of the current instance. Unit: MiB.
- `used` (Number) Used capacity of the current instance. Unit: MiB.


<a id="nestedatt--instance_shards"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_shards`

Read-Only:

- `node_number` (Number) Number of nodes in each shard
- `server_nodes` (Attributes List) Detailed list of all Server nodes in the shard.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_shards--server_nodes))
- `shard_id` (String) Shard ID.

<a id="nestedatt--instance_shards--server_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_shards.server_nodes`

Read-Only:

- `current_role` (String) Current role of the node. Valid values: PrimaryNode: primary node; SecondaryNode: secondary node.
- `node_id` (String) Node ID.
- `status` (String) Node status. Valid values: deploy: starting; running: running; loading: loading data; error: error.
- `zone_id` (String) Availability zone where the node is located.



<a id="nestedatt--visit_addrs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `visit_addrs`

Read-Only:

- `addr_type` (String) Connection address type. Value options: Private: Private network connection address; Public: Public network connection address; DirectLink: Direct connection address.
- `address` (String) IP address or domain name.
- `eip_id` (String) EIP ID bound to the instance's public address. This parameter is returned only when the connection address type (AddrType) is Public.
- `port` (String) Port number.
- `vi_pv_6` (String) IPv6 address corresponding to the connection address.
- `vip` (String) The IPv4 address corresponding to the connection address.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_redis_instance.example "instance_id"
```