---
page_title: "volcenginecc_redis_account Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "Redis"
description: |-
  Redis Cache Database supports creating multiple accounts. You can select different roles when creating an account. Each role grants different permissions, helping you manage the database with greater precision and enhance data security.
---

# volcenginecc_redis_account (Resource)

Redis Cache Database supports creating multiple accounts. You can select different roles when creating an account. Each role grants different permissions, helping you manage the database with greater precision and enhance data security.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_redis_account" "RedisAccountDemo" {
  instance_id  = "redis-mlrfiqivjttxxxxx"
  account_name = "ccapi_test_1"
  description  = "this is a test"
  password     = "******"
  role_name    = "Administrator"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_name` (String) Account name. The name must meet the following requirements: It must start with a lowercase letter. It must end with a lowercase letter or number. The length must be 2–16 characters. It can only contain lowercase letters, numbers, and underscores (_).
- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID.
- `password` (String) Account password. The password must meet the following requirements: Length of 8–32 characters. Must include at least two of the following: uppercase letters, lowercase letters, numbers, or special characters. Supported special characters: ()`~!@#$%^&*-+=_|{}[];<>,.?
- `role_name` (String) Account role. The following default roles are supported: Administrator: Allows all Redis instance-supported commands on all Keys. ReadWrite: Allows all commands except admin class commands on all Keys. ReadOnly: Allows all read class commands on all Keys. NotDangerous: Allows all commands except dangerous class commands on all Keys. Note: For details on the specific commands supported by each role's ACL rules, see ACL syntax.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Account description, up to 256 characters. Note: If this parameter is empty, no account description is set.

### Read-Only

- `account_status` (String) Account status. The value range is as follows: Available: Available. Unavailable: Unavailable.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_redis_account.example "instance_id|account_name"
```