---
page_title: "volcenginecc_rocketmq_instance Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "RocketMQ"
description: |-
  RocketMQ Message Queue is a distributed messaging middleware service built on Apache RocketMQ. It is fully compatible with all open-source RocketMQ components and concepts, offering low latency, high elasticity and high reliability, and high throughput. No changes to business code are required, enabling users to quickly migrate to the cloud.
---

# volcenginecc_rocketmq_instance (Resource)

RocketMQ Message Queue is a distributed messaging middleware service built on Apache RocketMQ. It is fully compatible with all open-source RocketMQ components and concepts, offering low latency, high elasticity and high reliability, and high throughput. No changes to business code are required, enabling users to quickly migrate to the cloud.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_rocketmq_instance" "RocketMQInstanceDemo" {
  allow_list_ids = [
    "acl-5380876c62044b658c3c7da4xxxx",
    "acl-3e998a9ef43e48eda1d07e2exxxx"
  ]
  ip_version_type = "IPv4"
  enable_ssl      = true
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
  version            = "5.x"
  zone_id            = "cn-beijing-a,cn-beijing-c,cn-beijing-d"
  compute_spec       = "rocketmq.x2.2k"
  storage_space      = 300
  vpc_id             = "vpc-1a1vgeo93ycxxxxxxxjnuw"
  subnet_id          = "subnet-ij9s4h4xxxxxxx95wx4p"
  file_reserved_time = 72
  instance_name      = "RocketMQInstanceDemo"
  charge_detail = {
    charge_type = "PostPaid"
  }
  ssl_mode             = "permissive"
  network_types        = "PrivateNetwork"
  project_name         = "default"
  instance_description = "RocketMQInstanceDemo description"
  eip_id               = "eip-bt6jb362txxxxx2zbpbo"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `charge_detail` (Attributes) Billing method and related billing information for the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--charge_detail))
- `compute_spec` (String) Instance compute specification. You can view the currently available compute specifications in the product specifications list.
- `file_reserved_time` (Number) Message retention period on the RocketMQ Message Queue server. Messages exceeding the retention period will be expired and cleaned up. Unit: hours. Value range: 1–72 hours.
- `network_types` (String) Instance network type, fixed as PrivateNetwork.
- `storage_space` (Number) Instance storage space, measured in GiB and must be specified in multiples of 100. The value range depends on the currently selected compute specification.
- `subnet_id` (String) VPC subnet ID where the instance resides. After the instance is created, the associated VPC and subnet cannot be modified. Please operate carefully when creating the instance. You can call the DescribeVpcs API of the VPC to query the available VPC and subnet list.
- `version` (String) Supported RocketMQ versions. Currently supported versions include: 4.8: compatible with RocketMQ 4.x series. 5.x: compatible with RocketMQ 5.x series. The 5.x version is currently available by whitelist application. To use it, contact technical support to apply for access.
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID where the instance resides. After the instance is created, the associated VPC and subnet cannot be modified. Please operate carefully when creating the instance. You can call the DescribeVpcs API of the VPC to query the available VPC and subnet list.
- `zone_id` (String) Availability zone ID where the instance is located. RocketMQ Message Queue instances support cross-AZ deployment. When viewing available compute specifications in a specified availability zone, you can specify multiple zones. Separate multiple availability zone IDs with commas (,). You can call DescribeAvailabilityZones to query the list of currently available zones.

### Optional

- `allow_list_ids` (Set of String) List of allowlist IDs bound to the instance. After binding an allowlist, only IP addresses and address ranges configured in the allowlist can access this instance. If no allowlist is bound to the instance, all IP addresses are denied access to the instance.
- `auto_scale_queue` (Boolean) Whether to automatically create queues when the instance specification changes.
- `eip_id` (String) EIP ID. Specifying EipId enables public access for the instance. EIP provides independent public IP resources, including public IP addresses and outbound bandwidth services. After enabling public access by specifying this parameter, the public address will be bound to your Elastic IP (EIP), and fees will be charged for the EIP resource.
- `enable_ssl` (Boolean) Whether to use SSL encryption.
- `instance_description` (String) Brief description of the instance. Length range: 1–128 characters.
- `instance_name` (String) Instance name. Must meet the following requirements: can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, underscores (_), and hyphens (-); cannot start with a number or hyphen (-); length must be 1–128 characters. If no name is specified when creating the instance, the instance ID will be used as the default name.
- `ip_version_type` (String) IP version. Options are IPv4 or DualStack.
- `product_info` (Attributes) Product configuration information. Note: Only RocketMQ 5.x instances support adjusting the TPS ratio for the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--product_info))
- `project_name` (String) The IAM project to which the newly created instance belongs. If not set, the new instance will be bound to the IAM project named 'default'.
- `ssl_mode` (String) The instance's public network connection policy only needs to be set when public access is enabled. Supported settings are: enforcing: When accessing the instance via the public network, SSL authentication is required. SSL authentication enables encrypted data transmission, offering higher security compared to standard public access, but may reduce performance. permissive: When accessing the instance via the public network, SSL authentication is optional. After the instance is created and public access is enabled, the SSL connection policy cannot be modified. To change it, you must disable and re-enable public access for the instance, and set the SSL connection policy again when re-enabling. For details, see Setting Public Access and SSL Authentication Policy.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Cloud resource tags. You can categorize instances by tags for easier search and resource aggregation. For details, see Tag Overview.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Account ID to which the instance belongs.
- `apply_private_dns_to_public` (Boolean) Whether private network domain name supports public resolution. true: enabled false: disabled
- `available_queue_number` (Number) Remaining number of partitions that can be created.
- `connection_info` (Attributes Set) Instance connection information.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_info))
- `create_time` (String) Instance creation time. The time format is YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:MM:SS'Z'.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID.
- `instance_status` (String) Instance status.
- `region_id` (String) Region ID where the instance is located.
- `used_group_number` (Number) Number of consumer groups (Group) currently created for the instance.
- `used_queue_number` (Number) Number of queues already used by the instance.
- `used_storage_space` (Number) Used storage space for the instance, in GiB.
- `used_topic_number` (Number) Number of topics created in the current instance.

<a id="nestedatt--charge_detail"></a>
### Nested Schema for `charge_detail`

Optional:

- `auto_renew` (Boolean) Whether the subscription instance is automatically renewed upon expiration. true: automatically renewed. false: not automatically renewed. Manual renewal is required after expiration; otherwise, the instance will be shut down.
- `charge_expire_time` (String) Expiration time for yearly/monthly subscription instances. The time format is YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:MM:SS'Z'. For pay-as-you-go instances, this field defaults to 1970-01-01T00:00:00Z.
- `charge_start_time` (String) Billing start time for the instance. The time format is YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:MM:SS'Z'.
- `charge_status` (String) Instance billing status. Includes: Normal: normal Overdue: pay-as-you-go overdue Expired: subscription expired
- `charge_type` (String) Billing type for the instance. Supported types include: PostPaid: pay-as-you-go; PrePaid: yearly/monthly subscription
- `overdue_reclaim_time` (String) Estimated release time after the instance is suspended due to overdue payment. The time format is YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:MM:SS'Z'.
- `overdue_time` (String) Suspension time due to overdue payment for the instance. The time format is YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:MM:SS'Z'.
- `period` (Number) Purchase duration for subscription instances. When PeriodUnit is set to Monthly, the value range is 1–9. When PeriodUnit is set to Yearly, the value range is 1–3. Only required for subscription instances, that is, when ChargeType is set to PrePaid.
- `period_unit` (String) Lifecycle unit for subscription-based instances, specifying whether to purchase by month or by year. Monthly: (default) monthly subscription Yearly: annual subscription


<a id="nestedatt--product_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `product_info`

Optional:

- `send_receive_ratio` (Number) Edit the read/write throttling ratio. The default read/write ratio is 50% each. For example, if set to 40, the sending TPS ratio is 40% and the subscription ratio is 60%. Note: Only RocketMQ 5.x instances support adjusting the TPS ratio for the instance.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key.
- `value` (String) Tag value.


<a id="nestedatt--connection_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_info`

Read-Only:

- `endpoint_address_ip` (String) Instance endpoint IP address.
- `endpoint_type` (String) Instance access point type.
- `internal_endpoint` (String) Private network endpoint address for the instance.
- `network_type` (String) Instance access point type.
- `public_endpoint` (String) Public access point address of the instance.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_rocketmq_instance.example "instance_id"
```