---
page_title: "volcenginecc_rocketmq_group Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "RocketMQ"
description: |-
  Group, also known as Consumer Group, is a collection of consumers with similar consumption behavior, used to categorize and manage different consumers. Each consumer group consumes different types of messages. Within each consumer group, the logic for publishing or subscribing to messages is consistent. In RocketMQ Message Queue, you need to create a Group and use the Group ID to identify different types of producers or consumers.
---

# volcenginecc_rocketmq_group (Resource)

Group, also known as Consumer Group, is a collection of consumers with similar consumption behavior, used to categorize and manage different consumers. Each consumer group consumes different types of messages. Within each consumer group, the logic for publishing or subscribing to messages is consistent. In RocketMQ Message Queue, you need to create a Group and use the Group ID to identify different types of producers or consumers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_rocketmq_group" "RocketMQGroupDemo" {
  instance_id             = "rocketmq-cnnxxxxxc2d"
  group_id                = "ccapi-test-test-1"
  consume_message_orderly = true
  description             = "test"
  group_type              = "TCP"
  retry_max_times         = 2
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_id` (String) Group ID. Length must be between 7 and 120 characters and can only contain letters, numbers, hyphens (-), and underscores (_). It is recommended to start with GID  - or GID_. The ID cannot be changed after the Group is created, so set it carefully. For RocketMQ instances created on or before June 5, 2023, the Group name cannot exceed 93 characters.
- `group_type` (String) Group protocol identifier, used to indicate the production and consumption protocol type for this Group. Can be set to TCP.
- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID.

### Optional

- `consume_message_orderly` (Boolean) Whether the subscription relationships of consumer instance groups within the Group are consistent. true: Consistent, false: Inconsistent.
- `description` (String) Brief description of the Group.
- `retry_max_times` (Number) Maximum number of consumption retries.

### Read-Only

- `consumed_clients` (Attributes Set) Consumer client list.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumed_clients))
- `consumed_topics` (Attributes Set) Topic information subscribed by consumer instance groups under this Group.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumed_topics))
- `created_time` (String) Group creation time.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `is_sub_same` (Boolean) Whether the subscription relationships of consumer instance groups within the Group are consistent. true: Consistent, false: Inconsistent.
- `last_update_timestamp` (String) Whether consumption is sequential.
- `message_delay_time` (String) Message latency. The difference between the production time of the earliest unconsumed message in the consumer instance group and the current time, measured in milliseconds.
- `message_model` (String) Message consumption mode. The default is clustering mode. Do not configure both clustering and broadcasting modes under the same Group. Clustering: Clustering consumption mode, Broadcasting: Broadcasting consumption mode.
- `rocketmq_version` (String) RocketMQ version.
- `service_status` (String) Service status. Creating: Being created, Running: Running, Deleting: Being deleted, Abnormal: Abnormal, Updating: Being updated.
- `status` (String) Consumer group status. Online: Consuming, Offline: Not consuming.
- `total_consumed_rate` (String) Total TPS of consumer instance groups under this Group, measured in messages per second.
- `total_diff` (Number) Total number of unconsumed messages in the consumer instance group. The message backlog shown here is the total backlog before Tag filtering, including messages for all Tags under the Topic.

<a id="nestedatt--consumed_clients"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumed_clients`

Read-Only:

- `client_address` (String) Address and port of this consumer instance.
- `client_id` (String) ID of this consumer instance.
- `diff` (Number) Message backlog.
- `language` (String) Development language of the consumer application.
- `version` (String) Consumer version.


<a id="nestedatt--consumed_topics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumed_topics`

Read-Only:

- `queue_num` (Number) Number of queues associated with the Topic. Each Topic contains one or more queues for storing messages.
- `sub_string` (String) Subscription rules.
- `topic_name` (String) Name of the Topic subscribed by the client.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_rocketmq_group.example "instance_id|group_id"
```