---
page_title: "volcenginecc_storageebs_snapshot Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "StorageEBS"
description: |-
  A snapshot is a backup method. Each snapshot is a backup file of cloud disk data at a specific point in time. When data is lost or a failure occurs, you can roll back cloud disk data using the snapshot to recover lost data.
---

# volcenginecc_storageebs_snapshot (Resource)

A snapshot is a backup method. Each snapshot is a backup file of cloud disk data at a specific point in time. When data is lost or a failure occurs, you can roll back cloud disk data using the snapshot to recover lost data.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_storageebs_snapshot" "StorageEBSSnapshotDemo" {
  volume_id     = "vol-3wt6pip1dy3qu*****"
  snapshot_name = "StorageEBSSnapshotDemo"
  description   = "StorageEBSSnapshotDemo description"
  project_name  = "default"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `snapshot_name` (String) Name of the created snapshot. Naming rules: length must be between 1 and 128 characters. Only Chinese characters, letters, numbers, underscores (_), hyphens (-), and periods (.) are allowed. To avoid conflicts with automatic snapshot names, the name cannot start with 'auto'.
- `volume_id` (String) Cloud disk ID associated with the snapshot.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Snapshot description. Default is empty. Length must be between 0 and 255 characters.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the Project to which the snapshot will be added. Note: snapshots do not inherit the project of the cloud disk, so snapshots and cloud disks can belong to different projects. If you do not set ProjectName when creating the snapshot, it will be added to the default project.
- `retention_days` (Number) Snapshot retention period, in days. Value options: empty: retain snapshot permanently. 1~65536: specify retention days. Default is empty, which means retain snapshot permanently. Snapshot retention period is calculated from the snapshot creation time.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Snapshot tag information.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) Snapshot creation time.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `image_id` (String) Image ID
- `instant_access` (Boolean) Whether the snapshot has enabled ultra-fast availability. Value options: true: ultra-fast availability enabled. false: ultra-fast availability not enabled.
- `progress` (Number) Snapshot dump progress.
- `shared` (Boolean) Whether the snapshot is shared.
- `snapshot_group_id` (String) Snapshot consistency group ID.
- `snapshot_id` (String) Snapshot ID.
- `snapshot_type` (String) Snapshot type. The available values are: user: query manual snapshots. auto: query automatic snapshots. share: query shared snapshots. By default, all snapshots are queried.
- `status` (String) Snapshot status. Value options: available: available. creating: creating. rollbacking: rolling back. deleted: deleted. failed: error.
- `volume_kind` (String) Cloud disk category. Value options: system: system disk. data: data disk.
- `volume_name` (String) Cloud disk name.
- `volume_size` (Number) Cloud disk size, in GiB.
- `volume_status` (String) Cloud disk status. Value options: available: available, attaching: attaching, attached: attached, detaching: detaching, creating: creating, deleting: deleting, error: error, extending: expanding, "": cloud disk deleted.
- `volume_type` (String) Cloud disk type. Value options: ESSD_PL0: Ultra-fast SSD cloud disk, PL0 specification. ESSD_FlexPL: Ultra-fast SSD cloud disk, FlexPL specification. TSSD_TL0: Throughput SSD cloud disk
- `zone_id` (String) Availability zone ID where the snapshot is located.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) User tag key added to the resource. Naming rules: Cannot start with volc: or sys: in any case. Keys starting with volc: or sys: are reserved system tag keys and cannot be created. Only language characters, numbers, spaces, and the following English symbols are allowed: '_', '.', ':', '/', '=', '+', '-', '@'. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters.
- `value` (String) User tag value added to the resource. Naming rules: Only language characters, numbers, spaces, and the following English symbols are allowed: '_', '.', ':', '/', '=', '+', '-', '@'. Can be empty. Length must be between 0 and 256 characters.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_storageebs_snapshot.example "snapshot_id"
```