---
page_title: "volcenginecc_storageebs_volume Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "StorageEBS"
description: |-
  Cloud disk is a block storage device with high availability, high reliability, high performance, and elastic scalability. It can be used as a scalable disk for cloud servers and elastic container services.
---

# volcenginecc_storageebs_volume (Resource)

Cloud disk is a block storage device with high availability, high reliability, high performance, and elastic scalability. It can be used as a scalable disk for cloud servers and elastic container services.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_storageebs_volume" "VolumeDemo" {

  volume_name = "EBS-VolumeDemo"
  volume_type = "ESSD_PL0"
  size        = 10
  zone_id     = "cn-beijing-x"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `size` (Number) Size: data disk capacity in GiB. The capacity ranges for different types of data disks are as follows: ESSD_PL0: 10~65536 GiB; ESSD_FlexPL: 10~65536 GiB; TSSD_TL0: 40~65536 GiB
- `volume_name` (String) Disk display name. Naming rules: The first character must be a Chinese character, a letter, or an underscore (_). Can contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, underscores (_), or hyphens (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters.
- `volume_type` (String) Disk type. Value description: ESSD_PL0: Ultra-fast SSD disk, PL0 specification. ESSD_FlexPL: Ultra-fast SSD disk, FlexPL specification. TSSD_TL0: Throughput SSD disk.
- `zone_id` (String) Availability zone ID.

### Optional

- `auto_snapshot_policy_id` (String) Automatic snapshot policy ID.
- `delete_with_instance` (Boolean) When releasing the instance, specify whether the disk is released along with the instance. Value description: true: The disk is released with the instance. false: The disk is not released with the instance.
- `description` (String) Disk description. Default is empty. Length must be between 1 and 255 characters.
- `extra_performance` (Attributes) Extra performance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extra_performance))
- `instance_id` (String) ECS instance ID mounted when creating the cloud disk.
- `kind` (String) Disk attribute. data indicates a data disk. The default value is data. Note: Only data disks can be created.
- `pay_type` (String) Payment type. Description: Pre: Prepaid (annual/monthly). Post: Postpaid (pay-as-you-go).
- `project_name` (String) Project name to which the disk will be added.
- `source_snapshot_id` (String) Source snapshot.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Disk tag information.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `auto_snapshot_policy_name` (String) Automatic snapshot policy name.
- `baseline_performance` (Attributes) Baseline performance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--baseline_performance))
- `created_at` (String) Disk creation time.
- `device_name` (String) Device name
- `error_detail` (String) Specific error
- `expired_time` (String) Expiration time for yearly/monthly subscription.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `image_id` (String) Image ID in the disk.
- `overdue_reclaim_time` (String) Disk overdue reclamation time.
- `overdue_time` (String) Disk overdue shutdown time.
- `renew_type` (Number) Renewal method 1: Manual renewal 2: Automatic renewal 3: Do not renew upon expiration.
- `snapshot_count` (Number) Snapshot count.
- `status` (String) Disk status. Value description: available: Available. mounting: Mounting. mounted: Mounted. unmounting: Unmounting. creating: Creating. deleting: Deleting. error: Error. expanding: Expanding.
- `total_performance` (Attributes) Total performance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--total_performance))
- `trade_status` (Number) Transaction status 0: Creating 1: Running 2: Creation failed
- `updated_at` (String) Disk update time.
- `volume_id` (String) Disk ID.

<a id="nestedatt--extra_performance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extra_performance`

Optional:

- `extra_performance_type_id` (String) Type of extra performance. Value description: Balance: Balanced extra performance; IOPS: IOPS extra performance; Throughput: Throughput extra performance.
- `iops` (Number) Extra IOPS of the disk.
- `throughput` (Number) Extra throughput of the disk.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key.
- `value` (String) Tag value.


<a id="nestedatt--baseline_performance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `baseline_performance`

Read-Only:

- `iops` (Number) Total IOPS of the disk, which is the sum of the baseline IOPS and extra IOPS.
- `throughput` (Number) The total throughput of the cloud disk is the sum of its baseline throughput and additional throughput.


<a id="nestedatt--total_performance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `total_performance`

Read-Only:

- `iops` (Number) Total IOPS of the disk, which is the sum of the baseline IOPS and extra IOPS.
- `throughput` (Number) The total throughput of the cloud disk is the sum of its baseline throughput and additional throughput.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_storageebs_volume.example "volume_id"
```