---
page_title: "volcenginecc_tls_schedule_sql_task Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TLS"
description: |-
  Resource definition for the scheduled SQL analysis task.
---

# volcenginecc_tls_schedule_sql_task (Resource)

Resource definition for the scheduled SQL analysis task.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_tls_schedule_sql_task" "TLSScheduleSqlTaskDemo" {
  description         = "testdesc"
  dest_region         = "cn-beijing"
  dest_topic_id       = "42fedbb3-2c2a-4822-bc30-9c5cc****"
  process_end_time    = 0
  process_sql_delay   = 60
  task_type           = 0
  process_start_time  = 1773072000
  process_time_window = "@m-15m,@m"
  query               = "* | SELECT * limit 10"
  request_cycle = {
    cron_tab       = "0 19 * * *"
    cron_time_zone = "GMT+08:00"
    time           = 2
    type           = "Fixed"
  }
  source_topic_id = "22fca26e-a776-4925-a3ca-a9bb6d***"
  status          = 1
  task_name       = "test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dest_topic_id` (String) Target log topic ID for storing scheduled SQL analysis result data.
- `process_start_time` (Number) Start time for scheduling the scheduled SQL analysis task, which is the time the first instance is created. Format: seconds-level timestamp.
- `process_time_window` (String) SQL time window, which is the time range for log retrieval and analysis when scheduled SQL analysis tasks run, in left-closed, right-open format. Maximum is 24 hours, minimum is 1 minute.
- `query` (String) The scheduled SQL analysis task periodically executes retrieval and analysis statements, which must comply with the log service's retrieval and analysis syntax.
- `request_cycle` (Attributes) Scheduling period for the scheduled SQL analysis task. The scheduling period determines the scheduling time for each instance. It is recommended that the scheduling period is not less than the SQL time window. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_cycle))
- `source_topic_id` (String) ID of the log topic containing the original logs for scheduled SQL analysis. Only log topics in the current region are supported.
- `status` (Number) Whether to start the scheduled SQL analysis task immediately after completing task configuration. Options: 0 Off; 1 Start immediately.
- `task_name` (String) Name of the scheduled SQL analysis task. Refer to the resource naming rules for naming conventions.
- `task_type` (Number) Task type: 0 means log to log; 1 means log to metric.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Brief description of the scheduled SQL analysis task. Characters <>, ', \, and \\ are not supported. Length: 0–64 characters.
- `dest_region` (String) Region of the target log topic. The default is the current region.
- `process_end_time` (Number) End time for scheduling the scheduled SQL analysis task, in seconds-level timestamp format. If not configured, the scheduled SQL analysis task runs continuously. After the end time is reached, the log service will no longer create instances or execute scheduled SQL analysis, but the task status remains running until manually paused.
- `process_sql_delay` (Number) Delay time for each schedule. Range: 0–120 seconds. If not configured, defaults to 0, meaning no delay.

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (Number) Creation time (seconds-level Unix timestamp).
- `dest_project_id` (String) Target log project ID.
- `dest_topic_name` (String) Target log topic name.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `source_project_id` (String) Source log project ID.
- `source_project_name` (String) Source log project name.
- `source_topic_name` (String) Source log topic name.
- `task_id` (String) Task ID.
- `updated_time` (Number) Modification time (seconds-level Unix timestamp).

<a id="nestedatt--request_cycle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_cycle`

Required:

- `time` (Number) Scheduling period or the time point for periodic execution (minutes from 00:00). Range: 1–1440 minutes.
- `type` (String) Scheduling period type. Options: Period, Fixed, Cron.

Optional:

- `cron_tab` (String) Cron expression, with a minimum granularity of minutes, using 24-hour format. For example, 0 18 * * * means execution at 18:00 every day.
- `cron_time_zone` (String) If Type is set to Cron, you must also set the time zone.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_tls_schedule_sql_task.example "task_id"
```
