---
page_title: "volcenginecc_tls_alarm Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TLS"
description: |-
  Alert policy. The logging service periodically analyzes data and sends alerts that meet the trigger conditions to the specified notification objects
---

# volcenginecc_tls_alarm (Resource)

Alert policy. The logging service periodically analyzes data and sends alerts that meet the trigger conditions to the specified notification objects

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_tls_alarm" "TLSAlarmDemo" {
  alarm_name = "ccapi-test"
  project_id = "project_id_xxxx"
  status     = false
  query_requests = [
    {
      end_time_offset        = -1
      end_time_offset_unit   = ""
      query                  = "raw:\"error\" | SELECT __time__, hostname, raw ORDER BY __time__ DESC LIMIT 5"
      start_time_offset      = -11
      start_time_offset_unit = ""
      time_span_type         = ""
      topic_id               = "topic_id_xxxx"
      topic_name             = "topic_name_xxxx"
      truncated_time         = ""
    },
    {
      end_time_offset        = -5
      end_time_offset_unit   = ""
      query                  = "test"
      start_time_offset      = -15
      start_time_offset_unit = ""
      time_span_type         = ""
      topic_id               = "topic_id_xxxx"
      topic_name             = "topic_name_xxxx"
      truncated_time         = ""
    },
    {
      end_time_offset        = -60
      end_time_offset_unit   = ""
      query                  = "demo"
      start_time_offset      = -120
      start_time_offset_unit = ""
      time_span_type         = ""
      topic_id               = "topic_id_xxxx"
      topic_name             = "topic_name_xxxx"
      truncated_time         = ""
    }
  ]
  request_cycle = {
    cron_tab       = "0 0/1 * * *"
    time           = 0
    type           = "CronTab"
    cron_time_zone = "Asia/Shanghai"
  }
  trigger_period = 10
  alarm_period   = 1440
  alarm_period_detail = {
    email           = 1440
    phone           = 1440
    sms             = 1440
    general_webhook = 1440
  }
  alarm_notify_groups = [
    {
      alarm_notify_group_id = "notify_group_id_xxxx"
    },
    {
      alarm_notify_group_id = "notify_group_id_xxxx"
    }
  ]
  user_define_msg = "{{toJson(QueryResult)}}{{UserName}}{{ProjectName}}{{Region}}{{Alarm}}{{AlarmID}}{{Topics|join:\",\"}}{{toJson(Results[0].RawResultsCount)}}"
  join_configurations = [
    {
      set_operation_type = "CrossJoin"
      condition          = ""
    },
    {
      set_operation_type = "InnerJoin"
      condition          = "$1. >= $3."
    }
  ]
  send_resolved = false
  trigger_conditions = [
    {
      condition       = ""
      count_condition = "__count__ == 2"
      no_data         = false
      severity        = "warning"
    },
    {
      condition       = "$1."
      count_condition = ""
      no_data         = false
      severity        = "critical"
    },
    {
      condition       = "$2."
      count_condition = "__count__ == 4"
      no_data         = false
      severity        = "warning"
    },
    {
      condition       = ""
      count_condition = ""
      no_data         = true
      severity        = "critical"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alarm_name` (String) Alert policy name
- `alarm_notify_groups` (Attributes Set) List of notification groups corresponding to the alert.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarm_notify_groups))
- `project_id` (String) ID of the log project where the monitored log topic resides
- `query_requests` (Attributes Set) Monitoring task execution statement.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--query_requests))
- `request_cycle` (Attributes) Monitoring task execution statement. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_cycle))
- `trigger_period` (Number) Duration period. An alert is triggered after the trigger condition is continuously met for TriggerPeriod cycles. Minimum value: 1, maximum value: 10, default is 1.

### Optional

- `alarm_period` (Number) Alert notification sending interval. When the alert is triggered continuously and reaches the specified TriggerPeriod limit, the log service sends alert notifications at the specified interval. Value range: 10–1440, unit: minutes. This parameter sets the sending interval for alert notifications across all channels. AlarmPeriod and AlarmPeriodDetail cannot both be empty. If both are specified, AlarmPeriodDetail takes precedence.
- `alarm_period_detail` (Attributes) Alert notification sending interval. When the alert is triggered continuously and reaches the specified TriggerPeriod, the logging service sends alert notifications according to the specified interval. Value range: 10–1440, in minutes. This parameter is used to set the sending interval for each channel. AlarmPeriod and AlarmPeriodDetail cannot both be empty. If both are specified, AlarmPeriodDetail takes precedence (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarm_period_detail))
- `condition` (String) Alert trigger conditions. Alert policies support referencing query analysis results using the $N.keyname expression. If you configure the TriggerConditions field, the Condition and Severity fields will be ignored. If you do not configure the TriggerConditions field, both Condition and Severity fields are required.
- `join_configurations` (Attributes Set) Configuration for set operations on alert query analysis results. Log Service treats each query analysis result as a set and determines whether to trigger an alert based on the set result. When multiple execution statements (QueryRequest) are configured, multi-set association monitoring is supported. Supported set operations include Cartesian product, left join, and right join.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--join_configurations))
- `send_resolved` (Boolean) Enable alert policy. Default is true (enabled)
- `severity` (String) Alert notification level, indicating the severity of the alert. Supported values: notice, warning, or critical. Default is notice
- `status` (Boolean) Enable alert policy. Default is true (enabled)
- `trigger_conditions` (Attributes Set) Alert trigger condition list. You can configure up to 10 alert trigger conditions. If you configure the TriggerConditions field, the Condition and Severity fields will be ignored. If you do not configure the TriggerConditions field, the Condition and Severity fields are required
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trigger_conditions))
- `user_define_msg` (String) Customize alert notification content. You can insert content variables and functions. For details, see the documentation for content variables and content functions. To display this content in the actual alert notification, reference it in the content template using the NotifyMsg variable.

### Read-Only

- `alarm_id` (String) Alert policy ID.
- `create_time` (String) Alert policy creation time
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `modify_time` (String) Last modified time of the alert policy.

<a id="nestedatt--alarm_notify_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarm_notify_groups`

Optional:

- `alarm_notify_group_id` (String) Alert notification group ID.


<a id="nestedatt--query_requests"></a>
### Nested Schema for `query_requests`

Optional:

- `end_time_offset` (Number) Query end time, relative to the current time, in minutes. Value must be a non-positive integer and greater than StartTimeOffset. Maximum: 0, minimum: -1440
- `end_time_offset_unit` (String) Unit for the end time range of the query. Default is minutes. Supports second/minute/hour (Second, Minute, Hour).
- `query` (String) Query analysis statement, with a maximum supported length of 1024 characters.
- `start_time_offset` (Number) Query start time, relative to the current time, in minutes. Value must be a non-positive integer. Maximum: 0, minimum: -1440
- `start_time_offset_unit` (String) Unit for the query start time range. The default is minutes. Supports seconds/minutes/hours (Second, Minute, Hour).
- `time_span_type` (String) Whether to use on-the-hour time for the query. If left blank, defaults to Relative.
- `topic_id` (String) Log topic ID monitored by the alert policy.
- `topic_name` (String) Name of the log topic monitored by the alert policy.
- `truncated_time` (String) Round time values, i.e., round to the nearest minute or hour (Second, Minute, Hour).


<a id="nestedatt--request_cycle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_cycle`

Optional:

- `cron_tab` (String) Cron expression. Log Service uses a Cron expression to specify the scheduled execution of alert tasks. The minimum granularity is one minute, using a 24-hour format. For example, 0 18 * * * means the alert task runs once daily at 18:00.
- `cron_time_zone` (String) Time zone in which the Cron expression takes effect.
- `time` (Number) Scheduling cycle or the specific time point for periodic execution (minutes from 00:00). Value range: 1–1440, in minutes.
- `type` (String) Scheduling interval type. Options: Period: schedule at regular intervals. Fixed: schedule at a fixed time each day. Cron: use a Cron expression.


<a id="nestedatt--alarm_period_detail"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarm_period_detail`

Optional:

- `email` (Number) Email alert interval, in minutes. Value range: 1–1440
- `general_webhook` (Number) Custom Webhook alert interval, in minutes. Value range: 1–1440.
- `phone` (Number) Phone alert cycle, in minutes. Value range: 10–1440.
- `sms` (Number) SMS alert interval, in minutes. Value range: 10–1440


<a id="nestedatt--join_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `join_configurations`

Optional:

- `condition` (String) Expression used for left join or right join.
- `set_operation_type` (String) Set operation type. Optional values: CrossJoin: Cartesian product. LeftJoin: Left join. RightJoin: Right join. InnerJoin: Inner join. FullJoin: Full join.


<a id="nestedatt--trigger_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trigger_conditions`

Optional:

- `condition` (String) Alert trigger condition expression.
- `count_condition` (String) Numerical expression for scenarios with data or specific entries, implemented using __count__.
- `no_data` (Boolean) When enabled, if the result after set operations is an empty set, a separate no-data alert is triggered.
- `severity` (String) Alert notification level, indicating the severity of the alert. Supports notice, warning, or critical, with severity increasing in that order. The default is notice.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_tls_alarm.example "alarm_id"
```
