---
page_title: "volcenginecc_tls_etl Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TLS"
description: |-
  The data processing task cleanses, transforms, and distributes log data in the log service, processing data from the source log topic and outputting it to the target log topic
---

# volcenginecc_tls_etl (Resource)

The data processing task cleanses, transforms, and distributes log data in the log service, processing data from the source log topic and outputting it to the target log topic

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_tls_etl" "TLSEtlDemo" {
  dsl_type        = "NORMAL"
  description     = "ccapi-test"
  enable          = true
  from_time       = 1780302267
  name            = "ccapi-test-etltask"
  script          = "# æŒ‰kvæ‹†åˆ†contentå­—æ®µ\r\next_kv(\"content\", pair_sep=\"&\", kv_sep=\"=\", prefix=\"\", suffix=\"\", mode=\"overwrite\")\r\n# åˆ é™¤contentå­—æ®µ\r\nf_drop(\"content\")"
  source_topic_id = "b881e3cd-3c45-42e7-966f-fe98xxxxxx"
  target_resources = [
    {
      alias  = "test-dst12"
      region = "cn-shanghai"
    topic_id = "7ded0540-a2e6-48ea-9667-e0xxxxxx" },
    {
      alias  = "test-dst13"
      region = "cn-beijing"
    topic_id = "c7474a2b-60bf-4d1d-bb5e-664xxxxxx" }
  ]
  task_type = "Resident"
  to_time   = 1780475069
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dsl_type` (String) Syntax type of the processing rule. Fixed as NORMAL
- `enable` (Boolean) Whether the data processing task is enabled. true: Enabled. false: Disabled
- `name` (String) Data processing task name
- `script` (String) Processing rule script used by the data processing task
- `source_topic_id` (String) Source log topic ID of the data processing task
- `target_resources` (Attributes Set) Information about the output target
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_resources))
- `task_type` (String) Type of the data processing task. Fixed as Resident

### Optional

- `description` (String) Brief description of the data processing task. Does not support <>, ', \, or \\. Length: 0–64 characters
- `from_time` (Number) The processing start time of the data processing task, in seconds as a Unix timestamp
- `to_time` (Number) The processing end time of the data processing task, in seconds as a Unix timestamp

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String) Creation time of the data processing task
- `etl_status` (String) Task scheduling status. WAITING: Preparing. RUNNING: Running. STOPPING: Stopping. STOPPED: Stopped. RESTARTING: Restarting
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_enable_time` (String) The most recent activation time of the data processing task
- `modify_time` (String) Modification time of the data processing task
- `project_id` (String) Log project ID to which the data processing task belongs
- `project_name` (String) Log project name to which the data processing task belongs
- `source_topic_name` (String) Source log topic name of the data processing task
- `task_id` (String) Data processing task ID

<a id="nestedatt--target_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_resources`

Required:

- `alias` (String) Name of the custom output target. You must use this name to refer to the output target in the data processing rules
- `region` (String) Region of the log topic for storing processed logs
- `topic_id` (String) Log topic ID for storing processed logs

Optional:

- `role_trn` (String) Cross-account authorization role name

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_tls_etl.example "task_id"
```
