---
page_title: "volcenginecc_tls_alarm_webhook_integration_type Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TLS"
description: |-
  Webhook integration configuration is used to manage alert notification channels such as DingTalk, Feishu, WeCom, and custom Webhooks
---

# volcenginecc_tls_alarm_webhook_integration_type (Resource)

Webhook integration configuration is used to manage alert notification channels such as DingTalk, Feishu, WeCom, and custom Webhooks

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_tls_alarm_webhook_integration_type" "Example" {
  webhook_name   = "ccapi-test-1002replace"
  webhook_secret = ""
  webhook_type   = "custom"
  webhook_url    = "https://open.feishu.cn/open-apis/bot/v2/hook/79a2f8dxxxxxxx"
  webhook_headers = [
    {
      key   = "Content-Type"
      value = "application/json"
    },
    {
      key   = "env"
      value = "pre"
    }
  ]
  webhook_method = "PUT"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `webhook_name` (String) Webhook integration configuration name
- `webhook_type` (String) Webhook type. custom: custom Webhook address. lark: Feishu. dingtalk: DingTalk. wechat: WeCom
- `webhook_url` (String) Webhook request URL

### Optional

- `webhook_headers` (Attributes List) Custom Webhook request headers. Required when WebhookType is set to custom
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhook_headers))
- `webhook_method` (String) Custom Webhook request methods; only POST and PUT are supported
- `webhook_secret` (String) Webhook encryption key. If WebhookType is set to lark and signature verification is enabled in the Feishu bot security settings, enter the Feishu bot signature key here. For details, refer to the custom bot usage guide. If WebhookType is set to dingtalk and a signature value is configured in the DingTalk bot, enter the DingTalk bot signature value here. For details, refer to bot development documentation

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String) Webhook integration configuration creation time
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `modify_time` (String) Webhook integration configuration last modified time
- `webhook_id` (String) Webhook integration configuration ID

<a id="nestedatt--webhook_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhook_headers`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Key for custom request header
- `value` (String) Value for custom request header

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_tls_alarm_webhook_integration_type.example "webhook_id"
```
