---
page_title: "volcenginecc_tos_bucket_inventory Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TOS"
description: |-
  Bucket inventory rules. After creating a bucket inventory, TOS outputs various object information daily or weekly, including object count, size, storage type, and more.
---

# volcenginecc_tos_bucket_inventory (Resource)

Bucket inventory rules. After creating a bucket inventory, TOS outputs various object information daily or weekly, including object count, size, storage type, and more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_tos_bucket_inventory" "TOSBucketInventoryDemo" {
  bucket_name = "ccapi-test"
  destination = {
    tos_bucket_destination = {
      account_id = "21xxxxxxxxx"
      bucket     = "ccapi-test"
      format     = "CSV"
      prefix     = "tos_bucket_inventory"
      role       = "TosArchiveTOSxxxxxx"
    }
  }
  filter = {
    prefix = "sdfsaf"
  }
  included_object_versions = "Current"
  inventory_id             = "test"
  is_enabled               = true
  is_un_compressed         = false
  optional_fields = {
    field = ["StorageClass", "IntelligentTieringAccessTier"]
  }
  schedule = {
    frequency = "Weekly"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket_name` (String) Bucket name.
- `destination` (Attributes) Information related to inventory files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination))
- `included_object_versions` (String) Object version to export. Options: All: export information for all object versions. Current: export information for the current object version.
- `inventory_id` (String) Bucket inventory name, which must be globally unique within the current bucket. Details: Length must be 0–64 characters. Only lowercase letters a–z, uppercase letters A–Z, digits 0–9, hyphens (-), underscores (_), and periods (.) are allowed. The name must start and end with a lowercase letter a–z, uppercase letter A–Z, or digit 0–9.
- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable the bucket inventory feature. Options: true: enable; false: disable.
- `is_un_compressed` (Boolean) Whether it is uncompressed.
- `schedule` (Attributes) Bucket inventory export frequency information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule))

### Optional

- `filter` (Attributes) Prefix for filtering bucket inventory. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))
- `optional_fields` (Attributes) Information about exported inventory files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--optional_fields))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination`

Optional:

- `tos_bucket_destination` (Attributes) Bucket information related to the inventory files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination--tos_bucket_destination))

<a id="nestedatt--destination--tos_bucket_destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination.tos_bucket_destination`

Optional:

- `account_id` (String) Account ID of the bucket owner.
- `bucket` (String) Specify the bucket to store the inventory files.
- `format` (String) Inventory file format. Value is CSV, meaning the inventory file is in CSV format compressed with GZIP.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix for the storage path of inventory files. By default, files are saved under tos_bucket_inventory/sourceBucketName/inventoryId/YYYY-MM-DDTHH-MMZ/files in the target bucket.
- `role` (String) Role name used to grant permission to read all files from the source bucket and write files to the target bucket. The role must have TOS read/write and service access permissions. You can also use the default TOS role TosArchiveTOSInventory.



<a id="nestedatt--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Optional:

- `frequency` (String) Export frequency for inventory files. Options: Daily: export inventory files daily. Weekly: export inventory files weekly. Once: export inventory files once.


<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) Prefix matching information for exported files. If not set, an inventory of all objects in the bucket is generated by default.


<a id="nestedatt--optional_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `optional_fields`

Optional:

- `field` (Set of String) Information about exported inventory files.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_tos_bucket_inventory.example "bucket_name|inventory_id"
```
