---
page_title: "volcenginecc_tos_bucket_website Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TOS"
description: |-
  Static website hosting configuration for TOS bucket. You can configure the bucket for static website hosting mode and access the static website via the bucket domain name
---

# volcenginecc_tos_bucket_website (Resource)

Static website hosting configuration for TOS bucket. You can configure the bucket for static website hosting mode and access the static website via the bucket domain name

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_tos_bucket_website" "TOSBucketWebsiteDemo" {
  bucket = "ccapi-test"
  index_document = {
    suffix            = "index.html"
    forbidden_sub_dir = false
  }
  error_document = {
    key = "error.html"
  }
  routing_rules = [
    {
      condition = {
        http_error_code_returned_equals = 404
        key_prefix_equals               = "red/"
      }
      redirect = {
        host_name               = "example.com"
        http_redirect_code      = 302
        protocol                = "https"
        replace_key_prefix_with = "redirect/"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket` (String) Bucket name

### Optional

- `error_document` (Attributes) Error page configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--error_document))
- `index_document` (Attributes) Default homepage configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--index_document))
- `redirect_all_requests_to` (Attributes) Rule for redirecting all requests (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--redirect_all_requests_to))
- `routing_rules` (Attributes List) Redirect rule
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routing_rules))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--error_document"></a>
### Nested Schema for `error_document`

Optional:

- `key` (String) When a 4xx error occurs, this page is returned


<a id="nestedatt--index_document"></a>
### Nested Schema for `index_document`

Optional:

- `forbidden_sub_dir` (Boolean) Whether to support redirecting to the default homepage of a subdirectory. Value description: false (default): Does not support redirecting to the default homepage of a subdirectory. true: Supports redirecting to the default homepage of a subdirectory
- `suffix` (String) When requesting a directory (ending with /), returns the object specified by Suffix in that directory. For example, if Suffix is set to index.html, accessing document/ returns document/index.html


<a id="nestedatt--redirect_all_requests_to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redirect_all_requests_to`

Optional:

- `host_name` (String) Redirect site name
- `protocol` (String) Protocol used for redirect requests. Supports http and https. Default is http


<a id="nestedatt--routing_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing_rules`

Optional:

- `condition` (Attributes) Set the matching conditions for the redirect rule. The redirect rule only takes effect when all specified conditions are met (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routing_rules--condition))
- `redirect` (Attributes) Set redirect rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routing_rules--redirect))

<a id="nestedatt--routing_rules--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing_rules.condition`

Optional:

- `http_error_code_returned_equals` (Number) Set the HTTP error code that triggers the redirect rule. For example, if HttpErrorCodeReturnedEquals is set to 404, the rule takes effect when the specified object does not exist. If KeyPrefixEquals is set, the redirect rule only takes effect when both HttpErrorCodeReturnedEquals and KeyPrefixEquals conditions are met
- `key_prefix_equals` (String) Set the object name prefix for the redirect rule to take effect. If HttpErrorCodeReturnedEquals is set, the redirect rule only takes effect when both HttpErrorCodeReturnedEquals and KeyPrefixEquals conditions are met


<a id="nestedatt--routing_rules--redirect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing_rules.redirect`

Optional:

- `host_name` (String) Set the redirect site name
- `http_redirect_code` (Number) Status code returned during redirect. Only 3XX status codes can be set; 300 cannot be set. Default is 301
- `protocol` (String) Protocol used for redirect requests, including http and https. Default is http
- `replace_key_prefix_with` (String) Object name prefix used for redirect
- `replace_key_with` (String) Object name used for redirect

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_tos_bucket_website.example "bucket"
```
