---
page_title: "volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TransitRouter"
description: |-
  Platform on which the transit router service runs. Receives traffic from network instances and forwards it according to the associated forwarding route table
---

# volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router (Resource)

Platform on which the transit router service runs. Receives traffic from network instances and forwards it according to the associated forwarding route table

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router" "TransitRouterDemo" {
  transit_router_name = "TransitRouterDemo"
  asn                 = 4200001111
  description         = "TransitRouterDemo"
  project_name        = "default"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `asn` (Number) ASN of the transit router. Value range: 64512–65534 and 4200000000–4294967294. Default value: 64512
- `description` (String) Description of the transit router instance. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can contain letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), Chinese period (。). Length limit: 0–255 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is entered, the default is an empty string
- `multicast_enabled` (Boolean) Whether multicast is enabled for the transit router. true: enabled. false (default): not enabled
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the transit router instance belongs. If this parameter is not provided or no value is entered, the default is 'default'
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `transit_router_name` (String) Name of the transit router instance. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length limit: 1–128 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is specified, the default is the transit router instance ID.

### Read-Only

- `attachments` (Attributes Set) Detailed information of the network instance connection
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attachments))
- `business_status` (String) Business status of the network instance connection. Values: Normal: Normal. FinancialLocked: Financially locked.
- `creation_time` (String) Creation time of the network instance connection.
- `deleted_time` (String) Deletion time of the network instance connection.
- `grant_source_type` (String) Sharing method of the transit router instance. rs: Shared via platform resource sharing. tr: Shared via transit router instance sharing
- `grant_status` (String) Instance sharing status. Accepted: Received. Initial: Pending acceptance.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `overdue_time` (String) Shutdown time due to overdue payment for the transit router instance
- `status` (String) Status of the transit router instance. Creating: creating. Deleting: deleting. Pending: configuring. Available: available
- `transit_router_id` (String) Transit router instance ID.
- `update_time` (String) Last operation time of the transit router instance

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key
- `value` (String) Tag value.


<a id="nestedatt--attachments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attachments`

Read-Only:

- `auto_publish_route_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to automatically synchronize TR routes to the network instance route table. true: Yes. false: No.
- `business_status` (String) Business status of the network instance connection. Values: Normal: Normal. FinancialLocked: Financially locked.
- `creation_time` (String) Creation time of the network instance connection.
- `deleted_time` (String) Deletion time of the network instance connection.
- `description` (String) Description of the network instance connection.
- `ipv_6_enabled` (Boolean) Whether IPv6 is enabled. true: yes. false: no
- `overdue_time` (String) Shutdown time due to overdue payment for the network instance connection
- `resource_id` (String) ID of the network instance
- `resource_type` (String) Type of network instance associated with the network instance connection. VPC: Virtual Private Cloud. VPN: VPN connection. DirectConnectGateway: Direct Connect Gateway. TransitRouter: Transit Router
- `status` (String) Status of the network instance connection. Creating: creating. Deleting: deleting. Pending: configuring. Available: available
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information of the network instance connection
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attachments--tags))
- `transit_router_attachment_id` (String) Network instance connection ID.
- `transit_router_attachment_name` (String) Name of the network instance connection
- `transit_router_forward_policy_table_id` (String) ID of the forwarding policy associated with the cross-region connection
- `transit_router_id` (String) Transit router instance ID.
- `transit_router_route_table_id` (String) Route table ID associated with the forwarding of the network instance connection.
- `transit_router_traffic_qos_marking_policy_id` (String) ID of the flow marking policy associated with the cross-region connection
- `transit_router_traffic_qos_queue_policy_id` (String) ID of the flow queue policy associated with the cross-region connection
- `update_time` (String) Last operation time of the network instance connection

<a id="nestedatt--attachments--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attachments.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key
- `value` (String) Tag value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router.example "transit_router_id"
```