---
page_title: "volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router_route_table Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TransitRouter"
description: |-
  Basis for Transit Router to forward traffic, supporting associated forwarding, static routing, route learning, and route synchronization. Multiple TR routing tables can be created under each TR instance to forward traffic for network instances with different access requirements. Multiple network instance connections can be associated with the same TR routing table.
---

# volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router_route_table (Resource)

Basis for Transit Router to forward traffic, supporting associated forwarding, static routing, route learning, and route synchronization. Multiple TR routing tables can be created under each TR instance to forward traffic for network instances with different access requirements. Multiple network instance connections can be associated with the same TR routing table.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router_route_table" "TransitRouterTransitRouterRouteTableDemo" {
  transit_router_id               = "tr-mj7mc0paq******"
  description                     = "TransitRouterTransitRouterRouteTableDemo-Description"
  transit_router_route_table_name = "TransitRouterTransitRouterRouteTableDemo"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `transit_router_id` (String) Transit Router instance ID

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the TR routing table. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character, and can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length limit: 0–255 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is specified, the default is an empty string.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information for the TR routing table
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `transit_router_route_table_name` (String) Name of the TR routing table. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character, and can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length limit: 1–128 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is specified, the default is the TR routing table ID

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (String) Creation time of the TR routing table
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `in_route_policy_table_id` (String) ID of the inbound routing policy associated with the TR routing table
- `out_route_policy_table_id` (String) ID of the outbound routing policy associated with the TR routing table
- `status` (String) Status of the TR routing table. Creating: creating. Deleting: deleting. Pending: configuring. Available: available
- `transit_router_route_table_id` (String) TR routing table ID
- `transit_router_route_table_type` (String) Type of TR routing table. System: system routing table. Custom: custom routing table.
- `updated_time` (String) Last operation time of the TR routing table

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key
- `value` (String) Tag value

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router_route_table.example "transit_router_id|transit_router_route_table_id"
```