---
page_title: "volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router_route_entry Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TransitRouter"
description: |-
  By creating or deleting static routes in route tables associated with network instance connections or cross-region connections, you can flexibly control traffic direction in the transit router
---

# volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router_route_entry (Resource)

By creating or deleting static routes in route tables associated with network instance connections or cross-region connections, you can flexibly control traffic direction in the transit router

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router_route_entry" "TransitRouterRouteEntryDemo" {
  description                              = "Demo Example"
  destination_cidr_block                   = "192.168.1.101/*"
  transit_router_route_entry_name          = "test-Attachmentkua"
  transit_router_route_table_id            = "tr-rtb-mijcn***"
  transit_router_route_entry_next_hop_id   = "tr-attach-13fs****"
  transit_router_route_entry_next_hop_type = "Attachment"
  transit_router_route_entry_type          = "Propagated"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `destination_cidr_block` (String) Destination CIDR block of the route entry
- `transit_router_route_entry_next_hop_type` (String) Next hop type of the route entry. Valid values: Attachment: Network instance. Traffic matching this route entry will be forwarded to the specified network instance. BlackHole: Black hole. Traffic matching this route entry will be dropped
- `transit_router_route_table_id` (String) ID of the route table associated with the transit router instance

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the TR route table entry. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length must be between 0 and 255 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is specified, the default is an empty string
- `transit_router_route_entry_name` (String) Name of the route entry
- `transit_router_route_entry_next_hop_id` (String) Next hop ID of the route entry

### Read-Only

- `as_path` (Set of String) AS path of the route entry
- `created_time` (String) Creation time of the route entry
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) Status of the route entry. Available: Available. Creating: Creating. Pending: Configuring. Deleting: Deleting. Conflicted: Inactive
- `transit_router_route_entry_id` (String) ID of the TR route entry
- `transit_router_route_entry_next_hop_resource_id` (String) Next hop network instance ID of the route entry
- `transit_router_route_entry_next_hop_resource_type` (String) Type of the next hop network instance for the route entry. VPC: Virtual Private Cloud. VPN: VPN connection. DirectConnectGateway: Direct Connect Gateway. TransitRouter: Transit Router
- `transit_router_route_entry_type` (String) Type of the route entry. Static: Static route. Propagated: Learned route
- `updated_time` (String) Last updated time of the route entry

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router_route_entry.example "transit_router_route_table_id|transit_router_route_entry_id"
```