---
page_title: "volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router_bandwidth_package Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TransitRouter"
description: |-
  Transit router bandwidth package resources.
---

# volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router_bandwidth_package (Resource)

Transit router bandwidth package resources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router_bandwidth_package" "TransitRouterBandwidthPackageDemo" {
  bandwidth                      = 3
  billing_type                   = 1
  description                    = "test"
  line_operator                  = ""
  local_geographic_region_set_id = "China"
  peer_geographic_region_set_id  = "China"
  period                         = 1
  period_unit                    = "Month"
  project_name                   = "default"
  tags = [{
    key   = "env"
    value = "test"
  }]
  transit_router_bandwidth_package_name = "ccapi-test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `local_geographic_region_set_id` (String) Local geographic region ID for transit router bandwidth package interconnection. China: Chinese mainland Asia: Asia-Pacific
- `peer_geographic_region_set_id` (String) Peer geographic region ID for transit router bandwidth package interconnection. China: Chinese mainland. Asia: Asia-Pacific.

### Optional

- `bandwidth` (Number) Bandwidth peak of the transit router bandwidth package, in Mbps.
- `billing_type` (Number) Billing method of the transit router bandwidth package. 1: subscription (yearly/monthly).
- `description` (String) Description of the transit router bandwidth package.
- `line_operator` (String) Carrier for cross-border bandwidth package. ChinaUnicom: China Unicom ChinaTelecom: China Telecom
- `period` (Number) Purchase duration of the transit router bandwidth package.
- `period_unit` (String) Billing cycle of the transit router bandwidth package. Month: billed monthly. Year: billed yearly.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the transit router bandwidth package belongs.
- `remain_renew_times` (Number) Number of auto-renewals. Value can be -1 or 1–100. Default is -1, which means unlimited auto-renewals.
- `renew_period` (Number) Duration of each auto-renewal, in months.
- `renew_type` (String) Renewal type for transit router bandwidth package. Manual: Manual renewal Auto: Automatic renewal NoRenew: Do not renew
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information of the transit router bandwidth package.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `transit_router_bandwidth_package_name` (String) Name of the transit router bandwidth package.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Account ID to which the bandwidth package belongs.
- `allocations` (Attributes List) Details of the cross-region connection associated with the bandwidth package.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allocations))
- `billing_status` (Number) Billing status of the transit router bandwidth package. 0: creating. 1: running. 3: unsubscribed. 4: expired and stopped. 5: expired and recycled. 8: unsubscribed and stopped.
- `business_status` (String) Business status of the transit router bandwidth package. Normal: normal. FinancialLocked: frozen.
- `creation_time` (String) Creation time of the transit router bandwidth package.
- `deleted_time` (String) Deletion time of the transit router bandwidth package.
- `expired_time` (String) Expiration time of the transit router bandwidth package.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `reclaim_time` (String) Recycle time after the transit router bandwidth package expires. Returned when BillingType is 1.
- `remaining_bandwidth` (Number) Remaining unallocated bandwidth of the transit router bandwidth package, in Mbps.
- `status` (String) Status of the transit router bandwidth package. Creating: creating. Deleting: deleting. Pending: configuring. Available: available.
- `transit_router_bandwidth_package_id` (String) Transit router bandwidth package ID.
- `update_time` (String) Last operation time of the transit router bandwidth package.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key of the tag.
- `value` (String) Tag value


<a id="nestedatt--allocations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allocations`

Read-Only:

- `allocate_time` (String) Time when the bandwidth package was associated with the cross-region connection.
- `bandwidth` (Number) Bandwidth peak of the cross-region connection, in Mbps.
- `local_region_id` (String) Region ID of the local transit router instance in the cross-region connection.
- `peer_region_id` (String) Region ID of the peer transit router instance in the cross-region connection.
- `transit_router_peer_attachment_id` (String) ID of the cross-region connection.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_transitrouter_transit_router_bandwidth_package.example "transit_router_bandwidth_package_id"
```
