---
page_title: "volcenginecc_transitrouter_direct_connect_gateway_attachment Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TransitRouter"
description: |-
  Direct connect gateway type network instance connection resource
---

# volcenginecc_transitrouter_direct_connect_gateway_attachment (Resource)

Direct connect gateway type network instance connection resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_transitrouter_direct_connect_gateway_attachment" "DirectConnectGatewayAttachmentDemo" {
  direct_connect_gateway_id      = "dcg-1714vlpplhxc1f*****"
  transit_router_attachment_name = "test"
  transit_router_id              = "tr-2d69n1k0brncw58ozfdh6y6xq***"
  description                    = "test"
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "env"
      value = "test"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `direct_connect_gateway_id` (String) Direct connect gateway ID. You can call the DescribeDirectConnectGateways API to obtain the direct connect gateway ID
- `transit_router_id` (String) Transit router instance ID. You can call the DescribeTransitRouters API to obtain the transit router instance ID

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the network instance connection. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), Chinese period (。). Length can be 0–255 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is passed, the default is an empty string
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information of the network instance connection
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `transit_router_attachment_name` (String) Name of the network instance connection. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length can be 1–128 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is passed, the default is the network instance connection ID

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) Account ID to which the network instance connection belongs
- `auto_publish_route_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to automatically synchronize TR routes to the network instance route table
- `bandwidth` (Number) Maximum bandwidth of the network instance connection, in Gbps
- `creation_time` (String) Creation time of the network instance connection
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `ipv_6_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable IPv6
- `status` (String) Status of the network instance connection. Creating means being created, Deleting means being deleted, Pending means being configured, Available means available
- `transit_router_attachment_id` (String) Network instance connection ID
- `update_time` (String) Most recent operation time of the network instance connection

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key
- `value` (String) Tag value

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_transitrouter_direct_connect_gateway_attachment.example "transit_router_id|transit_router_attachment_id"
```
