---
page_title: "volcenginecc_transitrouter_vpn_attachment Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TransitRouter"
description: |-
  By establishing a connection between the IPsec connection of the VPN and the transit router, you can enable communication between the VPN-connected network and the private network of the transit router.
---

# volcenginecc_transitrouter_vpn_attachment (Resource)

By establishing a connection between the IPsec connection of the VPN and the transit router, you can enable communication between the VPN-connected network and the private network of the transit router.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_transitrouter_vpn_attachment" "TransitRouterVpnAttachmentDemo" {
  description = "test"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
  transit_router_attachment_name = "ccapi-test-1"
  transit_router_id              = "tr-mjl8zkxxxxxsmt1boobol4"
  transit_router_route_table_id  = "tr-rtb-mjlxxxxxo5smt1bnewrhh"
  vpn_connection_id              = "vgc-ij0yxxxxx474o8cux0n08t"
  zone_id                        = "cn-beijing-a"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `transit_router_id` (String) Transit router instance ID.
- `vpn_connection_id` (String) IPsec connection ID.
- `zone_id` (String) ID of the availability zone to which the IPsec connection belongs.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Network instance connection description. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length limit: 0–255 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is specified, the default is an empty string.
- `health_check_revoke_route_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable health check route convergence. true: Yes. Effective only when the IPsec connection has health check enabled; supports convergence of static routes only, not BGP routes. false: No.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `transit_router_attachment_name` (String) Network instance connection name. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length limit: 1–128 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is specified, the default is the network instance connection ID.
- `transit_router_route_table_id` (String) Associated TR route table ID.

### Read-Only

- `auto_publish_route_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to automatically sync TR routes to the network instance route table.
- `created_time` (String) Creation time.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `ipv_6_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable IPv6.
- `status` (String) Network instance connection status. Creating: being created. Deleting: being deleted. Pending: being configured. Available: available.
- `transit_router_attachment_id` (String) Network instance connection ID.
- `updated_time` (String) Update time.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) User tag key.
- `value` (String) User tag value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_transitrouter_vpn_attachment.example "transit_router_id|transit_router_attachment_id"
```