---
page_title: "volcenginecc_transitrouter_vpc_attachment Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "TransitRouter"
description: |-
  By establishing a connection between the private network and the transit router, you can enable private network communication between the private network and the transit router.
---

# volcenginecc_transitrouter_vpc_attachment (Resource)

By establishing a connection between the private network and the transit router, you can enable private network communication between the private network and the transit router.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_transitrouter_vpc_attachment" "TransitRouterVpcAttachmentDemo" {
  appliance_mode_enabled = false
  attach_points = [
    {
      subnet_id = "subnet-ijifxxxxx8culvzg85"
    zone_id = "cn-beijing-a" }
  ]
  auto_publish_route_enabled = false
  description                = "test"
  ipv_6_enabled              = false
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
  transit_router_attachment_name = "ccapi-test-1"
  transit_router_id              = "tr-mjl8xxxxxg5smt1boobol4"
  vpc_id                         = "vpc-btg9hmxxxxx0b2tnp1on8"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attach_points` (Attributes Set) Network instance connection list.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attach_points))
- `transit_router_id` (String) Transit router instance ID.
- `vpc_id` (String) Private network instance ID.

### Optional

- `appliance_mode_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable path consistency mode. Enter the following enumerated values exactly as shown; do not use other values. true: Yes. When enabled, TR forwarding traffic to this VPC connection will select the same availability zone connection point for both request and return traffic. false: No.
- `auto_publish_route_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to automatically synchronize TR routes to the network instance route table. Enter the following enumerated values exactly as shown; do not use other values. true: Yes. The system will automatically synchronize route entries from the TR route table associated with this network instance connection to the network instance's route table. The system will only synchronize TR routes if this parameter is set to true and there are route entries in the associated TR route table. false (default): No.
- `description` (String) Description of the network instance connection. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length must be between 0 and 255 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is specified, the default is an empty string.
- `ipv_6_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable IPv6. Enter the following enumerated values exactly as shown; do not use other values. true: Yes. false: No.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `transit_router_attachment_name` (String) Name of the network instance connection. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. If this parameter is not provided or no value is specified, the default is the network instance connection ID.

### Read-Only

- `bandwidth` (Number) Maximum bandwidth for the network instance connection, in Gbps.
- `created_time` (String) Creation time.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) Network instance connection status. Creating: Creating. Deleting: Deleting. Pending: Configuring. Available: Available.
- `transit_router_attachment_id` (String) Network instance connection ID.
- `updated_time` (String) Update time.

<a id="nestedatt--attach_points"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attach_points`

Required:

- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet ID of the connection point.
- `zone_id` (String) Availability zone ID of the connection point.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key for user tag.
- `value` (String) Tag value for user tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_transitrouter_vpc_attachment.example "transit_router_id|transit_router_attachment_id"
```