---
page_title: "volcenginecc_vefaas_kafka_trigger Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VEFAAS"
description: |-
  Function service supports integration with Kafka message queue. By creating a Kafka trigger, the function service acts as a consumer to consume messages from Kafka and passes them to your function, triggering your function logic. You do not need to handle the details of message consumption; just write the function to process messages.
---

# volcenginecc_vefaas_kafka_trigger (Resource)

Function service supports integration with Kafka message queue. By creating a Kafka trigger, the function service acts as a consumer to consume messages from Kafka and passes them to your function, triggering your function logic. You do not need to handle the details of message consumption; just write the function to process messages.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_vefaas_kafka_trigger" "VefaasTriggerDemo" {
  function_id            = "djb27tnr****"
  name                   = "VefaasTriggerDemo"
  maximum_retry_attempts = 74
  starting_position      = "Earliest"
  enabled                = false
  kafka_credentials = {
    mechanism = "PLAIN"
    username  = "VefaasTriggerDemo"
    password  = "*****"
  }
  mq_instance_id                    = "kafka-cnng8cm4q2fncrvs****"
  topic_name                        = "VefaasTriggerDemo"
  description                       = "VefaasTriggerDemo description"
  batch_flush_duration_milliseconds = 8637
  batch_size                        = 709
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `function_id` (String) Function ID.
- `kafka_credentials` (Attributes) Kafka identity authentication. Function service uses Kafka ACL permission policies to authenticate message consumption for SASL users of types PLAIN and SCRAM-SHA-256. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kafka_credentials))
- `mq_instance_id` (String) Kafka message queue instance ID.
- `name` (String) Kafka trigger name. Trigger names must be unique within the same function. Only uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and underscores are allowed, must start with a letter, and be 4–63 characters long.
- `topic_name` (String) Topic name of the Kafka message queue instance.

### Optional

- `batch_flush_duration_milliseconds` (Number) Maximum wait time for batch consumption by the trigger. Unit: milliseconds (ms). Valid range: 1000–60000 ms. Default: 1000 ms.
- `batch_size` (Number) Number of messages per batch for trigger batch consumption.
- `description` (String) Description of the Kafka trigger. Limited to 200 characters.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable the trigger when creating it. Options: true—enable. false—disable.
- `maximum_retry_attempts` (Number) Maximum number of retries when the function encounters a runtime error (including user code errors and runtime errors). Valid values: positive integers from 0 to 100.
- `starting_position` (String) Specify the starting position for consuming messages in the Topic. Options: Latest—consume only messages produced after subscribing to the Topic. Earliest—consume from the first message produced in the Topic.

### Read-Only

- `consumer_group` (String) Consumer group name of the Kafka message queue instance.
- `created_time` (String) Kafka trigger creation time.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `kafka_trigger_id` (String) Kafka trigger ID.
- `status` (String) Kafka trigger status. Parameter values: ready—running, failed—failed, pending—starting.
- `updated_time` (String) Last update time of the Kafka trigger.

<a id="nestedatt--kafka_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_credentials`

Required:

- `mechanism` (String) Kafka authentication mechanism. Options: PLAIN, SCRAM-SHA-256.
- `password` (String) SASL/PLAIN password set when creating the Kafka instance.
- `username` (String) SASL/PLAIN username set when creating the Kafka instance.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_vefaas_kafka_trigger.example "function_id|kafka_trigger_id"
```