---
page_title: "volcenginecc_vke_node Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VKE"
description: |-
  Corresponds to Node in Kubernetes, which is the basic element of a Container Service cluster. Nodes mainly include: Master nodes (control nodes) and Worker nodes (compute nodes/worker nodes). Applications are actually deployed on Worker nodes, supporting random deployment on Worker nodes or deployment on specified Worker nodes through configuration. In Container Service, node generally refers to Worker node.
---

# volcenginecc_vke_node (Resource)

Corresponds to Node in Kubernetes, which is the basic element of a Container Service cluster. Nodes mainly include: Master nodes (control nodes) and Worker nodes (compute nodes/worker nodes). Applications are actually deployed on Worker nodes, supporting random deployment on Worker nodes or deployment on specified Worker nodes through configuration. In Container Service, node generally refers to Worker node.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_vke_node" "VkeNodeDemo" {
  additional_container_storage_enabled = false
  cluster_id                           = "cd5rdfs5ixxxxxotsc2g"
  container_storage_path               = ""
  instance_id                          = "i-yeekjuixxxxx4je5vfr"
  keep_instance_name                   = true
  node_pool_id                         = "pd5s9srqxxxxxo88e621g"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) Cluster ID.
- `node_pool_id` (String) Node pool ID. If no parameter value is provided: add existing ECS instances to the default node pool. If a parameter value is provided: add existing ECS instances to a custom node pool.

### Optional

- `additional_container_storage_enabled` (Boolean) Select the data disk for the node, format and mount it as the storage directory for container images and logs. Values: false (default): Disabled. Default node pool: indicates no data disk is mounted. Custom node pool: mounts according to the node pool's data disk configuration. ECS instance data disks added to the node pool must include the data disk specified for mounting by the target node pool (including local disks), and the disk type and size must match exactly. true: Enabled. You must also configure the ContainerStoragePath parameter. The node mounts according to the configuration in the ContainerStoragePath parameter and ignores the node pool's data disk configuration. There are no special requirements for ECS instance data disks added to the node pool.
- `container_storage_path` (String) Use this data disk device to mount the container and image storage directory /var/lib/containerd.
  Valid only when AdditionalContainerStorageEnabled=true and cannot be empty. The following conditions must be met, otherwise initialization will fail: Only ECS instances with mounted data disks are supported. When specifying a data disk device name, ensure the device exists, otherwise initialization will fail. When specifying a data disk partition or logical volume name, ensure the partition or logical volume exists and uses the ext4 file system.
- `image_id` (String) Image ID used by the ECS instance corresponding to the node.
- `initialize_script` (String) Script executed after creating ECS nodes and deploying Kubernetes components. Supports Shell format. Base64-encoded length must not exceed 1 KB. If left empty, the node inherits the default node pool initialization script NodeConfig.InitializeScript. If you enter a custom script, the custom script will be used and the default node pool initialization script will be ignored.
- `instance_id` (String) Cloud server instance ID corresponding to the node.
- `keep_instance_name` (Boolean) Whether to retain the original ECS instance name. Options: false (default): do not retain the original ECS instance name; Container Service automatically assigns a name. true: retain the original ECS instance name.
- `kubernetes_config` (Attributes) Kubernetes-related configuration for the node. If empty, the node inherits the default node pool's Kubernetes configuration: KubernetesConfig.Labels/Taints/Cordon. If custom configuration is provided, the node uses the custom configuration and ignores the default node pool's Kubernetes configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kubernetes_config))

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (String) Creation time.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `is_virtual` (Boolean) Is it a virtual node? Parameter value description: false: No, true: Yes.
- `name` (String) Node name.
- `node_id` (String) Node ID.
- `roles` (Set of String) Node role. Parameter value description: Worker: Worker node.
- `status` (Attributes) Node status. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `updated_time` (String) Update time.
- `zone_id` (String) Availability zone ID.

<a id="nestedatt--kubernetes_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kubernetes_config`

Optional:

- `cordon` (Boolean) Node lock configuration. Options: false (default): not locked; true: locked
- `labels` (Attributes Set) Kubernetes label information for node pools/nodes. Up to 20 labels can be specified.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kubernetes_config--labels))
- `taints` (Attributes Set) Kubernetes taint information for node pools/nodes. Up to 20 taints can be specified.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kubernetes_config--taints))

<a id="nestedatt--kubernetes_config--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kubernetes_config.labels`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Label key. A valid label key consists of two parts: <prefix> and <name>, separated by a slash (/). <name> is required and supports uppercase and lowercase English letters, numbers, hyphens (-), underscores (_), and periods (.), must start and end with a letter or number, and must not exceed 63 characters. <prefix> is optional. If specified, <prefix> must be a DNS subdomain: a series of DNS labels separated by periods (.), with a maximum length of 253 characters. The total length of <prefix> and <name> must not exceed 82 characters.
- `value` (String) Tag value, up to 63 characters (can be empty). Can start and end with an English letter (upper or lower case) or a digit. Supported special characters: hyphen (-), underscore (_), period (.).


<a id="nestedatt--kubernetes_config--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kubernetes_config.taints`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Taint effect. Options: NoSchedule (default): Do not schedule. NoExecute: Evict Pods that do not tolerate the taint. PreferNoSchedule: Avoid scheduling if possible.
- `key` (String) Taint key. A valid taint key has two segments: <prefix> and <name>, separated by a slash (/). <name> is required and supports English letters (case-sensitive), numbers, hyphen (-), underscore (_), and period (.), must start and end with a letter or number, and be no longer than 63 characters. <prefix> is optional. If specified, <prefix> must be a DNS subdomain: a series of DNS labels separated by periods (.), no longer than 253 characters. The total length of <prefix> and <name> must not exceed 82 characters.
- `value` (String) Taint value, up to 63 characters (can be empty). Must start and end with an English letter or number. Supports special characters: hyphen (-), underscore (_), and period (.).



<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `conditions` (Attributes Set) Status condition under the node's current primary state, indicating the reason for entering this primary state.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--conditions))
- `phase` (String) Node status. Parameter values: Creating, Running, Deleting, Failed, Updating.

<a id="nestedatt--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.conditions`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Status condition under the node's current primary state, indicating the reason for entering this primary state. There can be multiple reasons. Parameter values: Progressing, Ok, Unschedulable, InitilizeFailed, NotReady, Balance, ResourceCleanupFailed, Unknown.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_vke_node.example "cluster_id|node_pool_id|node_id"
```