---
page_title: "volcenginecc_vke_permission Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VKE"
description: |-
  Container Service provides cluster RBAC authorization, granting RBAC access permissions to IAM users or roles. This includes accessible resources, scope of permissions, and predefined role types, enabling better management of cluster security access control and meeting enterprise users' requirements for fine-grained resource access control.
---

# volcenginecc_vke_permission (Resource)

Container Service provides cluster RBAC authorization, granting RBAC access permissions to IAM users or roles. This includes accessible resources, scope of permissions, and predefined role types, enabling better management of cluster security access control and meeting enterprise users' requirements for fine-grained resource access control.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_vke_permission" "VKEPermissionDemo" {
  role_domain    = "namespace"
  cluster_id     = "cd48m3cb1b2ba7l6ebgp0xxxxx"
  namespace      = "kube-public"
  role_name      = "vke:visitor"
  is_custom_role = false
  grantee_id     = 59433888
  grantee_type   = "User"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `authorizer_id` (Number) Grantor ID. Can be an IAM user ID or an IAM role ID.
- `authorizer_type` (String) Type of grantor. Possible values: User: IAM user. Role: IAM role. Account: account.
- `cluster_id` (String) Cluster ID to be authorized for the IAM user or role. This parameter is required when roleDomain is namespace or cluster.
- `grantee_id` (Number) Grantee ID. Can be an IAM user ID or an IAM role ID.
- `grantee_type` (String) Type of grantee. Possible values: User: IAM user. Role: IAM role. Account: account.
- `is_custom_role` (Boolean) Whether the RBAC role granted to the grantee is a custom role. Possible values: true: custom role. false (default): system predefined role.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace name to be authorized for the IAM user or role. This parameter is required when roleDomain equals namespace. If roleDomain does not equal namespace, this parameter is not effective.
- `role_domain` (String) The permission type granted to an IAM user or role. Possible values: namespace: grants permissions at the namespace level. cluster: grants permissions at the cluster level. all_clusters: grants permissions at the cluster level for all clusters under the current account.
- `role_name` (String) Name of the RBAC role granted to the grantee. This parameter must be specified. When roleDomain is all_clusters, custom role names are not allowed.

### Read-Only

- `authorized_at` (String) Time when the RBAC policy resource was authorized.
- `authorizer_name` (String) Grantor name
- `created_time` (String) Time when the RBAC policy resource was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `kube_role_binding_name` (String) The object name of the RBAC policy resource in Kubernetes.
- `message` (String) Authorization details message.
- `permission_id` (String) RBAC policy resource ID.
- `project_selector` (String) Project selector
- `revoked_at` (String) Time when authorization is revoked.
- `status` (String) Status of the RBAC access policy resource. Possible values: Success: authorization succeeded. Failed: authorization failed. Pending: authorization in progress. PartialSuccess: partial authorization succeeded.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_vke_permission.example "permission_id"
```