---
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpc_eni Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  A network interface is a virtual network interface. In a private network, it serves as a network interface attached to cloud servers, load balancers, and other cloud resources. Each network interface has a primary private IP address. You can manually assign multiple auxiliary private IP addresses if needed.
---

# volcenginecc_vpc_eni (Resource)

A network interface is a virtual network interface. In a private network, it serves as a network interface attached to cloud servers, load balancers, and other cloud resources. Each network interface has a primary private IP address. You can manually assign multiple auxiliary private IP addresses if needed.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_vpc_eni" "EniDemo" {
  network_interface_name = "EniDemo"
  subnet_id              = "vpc_subnet-xxxx"
  security_group_ids     = ["vpc_security_group-xxxx"]
  instance_id            = "i-ye498lwge85i3z3kxxxx"
  project_name           = "default"
  primary_ip_address = {
    private_ip_address = "192.168.x.130"
    associated_elastic_ip = {
      allocation_id = "eip-2f80zqjduo6ps4f4pzzcxxxxx"
    }
  }
  secondary_private_ip_address_count = 2
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `delete_on_termination` (Boolean) Enable release with cloud server instance deletion. true to enable, false to disable
- `description` (String) Description for the auxiliary network interface. Length limit: 0–255 characters. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number. Allowed characters include English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). If not specified, defaults to an empty string.
- `instance_id` (String) ID of the instance bound to the NIC. If the NIC is not attached or the ServiceManaged parameter is true, InstanceId returns empty
- `ipv_6_address_count` (Number) Number of private IPv6 addresses assigned to the network interface. When this parameter is specified, the system automatically assigns the corresponding number of available private IPv6 addresses from the subnet to which the network interface belongs. Cannot be used together with IPv6Sets during creation.
- `ipv_6_sets` (Set of String) IPv6 address list of the network interface, for example [2408::153:3921:XX:XX:7b12:1c5f, 2408:4008:2cf:XX:XX:dd1e:2a22:5ddf].
- `network_interface_name` (String) NIC name. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters, starting with a letter, Chinese character, or number. Can include periods (.), underscores (_), and hyphens (-). If not specified, defaults to the ID of the secondary NIC
- `port_security_enabled` (Boolean) Enable source/destination address check for the NIC. When enabled, the system automatically blocks traffic whose source or destination address does not match the current NIC. true to enable, false to disable (default)
- `primary_ip_address` (Attributes) Primary private IPv4 address of the network interface. Address modification is not supported, but you can modify the public IP. If specified, it must be an available private IPv4 address in the corresponding subnet. If not specified, an available private IPv4 address will be automatically assigned from the corresponding subnet. For example: 192.XX.XX.10. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--primary_ip_address))
- `private_ip_sets` (Attributes Set) List of private IPv4 addresses for the network interface.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--private_ip_sets))
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the NIC belongs
- `secondary_private_ip_address_count` (Number) Number of auxiliary private IPv4 addresses automatically assigned to the auxiliary network interface. Value range: 1–49. Cannot be used together with PrivateIpSets during creation.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) ID of one or more security groups joined by the auxiliary network interface.
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet where the auxiliary network interface resides.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) NIC owner ID
- `created_time` (String) NIC creation time
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `mac_address` (String) MAC address of the network interface.
- `network_interface_id` (String) Network interface ID.
- `service_managed` (Boolean) Indicates whether this is an official service network interface. true for yes, false for no.
- `status` (String) Binding status of the network interface. Creating: In progress. Available: Not attached. Attaching: In progress. InUse: Attached. Detaching: In progress. Deleting: In progress.
- `type` (String) NIC type. primary: primary NIC, secondary: secondary NIC
- `updated_time` (String) NIC update time
- `vpc_id` (String) ID of the VPC to which the network interface belongs.
- `vpc_name` (String) Name of the VPC to which the NIC belongs
- `zone_id` (String) ID of the availability zone to which the network interface belongs.

<a id="nestedatt--primary_ip_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `primary_ip_address`

Optional:

- `associated_elastic_ip` (Attributes) Information about the public IP associated with the primary private IPv4 address of the network interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--primary_ip_address--associated_elastic_ip))
- `private_ip_address` (String) Private IP address of the network interface.

Read-Only:

- `primary` (Boolean) Indicates whether this is the primary private IPv4 address.

<a id="nestedatt--primary_ip_address--associated_elastic_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `primary_ip_address.associated_elastic_ip`

Optional:

- `allocation_id` (String) Public IP ID

Read-Only:

- `eip_address` (String) Public IP address
- `release_with_instance` (Boolean) Whether the public IP is released when the cloud server instance is deleted. Only pay-as-you-go public IPs bound to the primary NIC's primary private IP are valid. When enabled, if the cloud server instance is automatically reclaimed by the system (24 hours after unsubscription, upon expiration, or due to overdue payment) or deleted via the DeleteInstances API, the public IP is released along with the instance. true: yes, false: no



<a id="nestedatt--private_ip_sets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_ip_sets`

Optional:

- `associated_elastic_ip` (Attributes) Information about the public IP associated with the primary private IPv4 address of the network interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--private_ip_sets--associated_elastic_ip))
- `private_ip_address` (String) Private IP address of the network interface.

<a id="nestedatt--private_ip_sets--associated_elastic_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_ip_sets.associated_elastic_ip`

Optional:

- `allocation_id` (String) Public IP ID



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key for the user tag.
- `value` (String) Tag value for the user tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_vpc_eni.example "network_interface_id"
```