---
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpc_subnet Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  The subnet is a segment allocated within a specified availability zone from a VPC CIDR block, providing private IP addresses for cloud resources such as cloud servers and load balancers
---

# volcenginecc_vpc_subnet (Resource)

The subnet is a segment allocated within a specified availability zone from a VPC CIDR block, providing private IP addresses for cloud resources such as cloud servers and load balancers

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_vpc_subnet" "SubnetDemo" {
  vpc_id      = "vpc-xxxx"
  zone_id     = "cn-beijing"
  subnet_name = "subnetDemo"
  description = "subnetDemo description"
  cidr_block  = "192.168.xx.0/24"
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "env"
      value = "test"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cidr_block` (String) Subnet IPv4 CIDR block
- `vpc_id` (String) ID of the VPC to which the subnet belongs
- `zone_id` (String) Availability zone ID for the subnet to be created. For more information, see Regions and Availability Zones

### Optional

- `description` (String) Subnet description. Limited to 0–255 characters. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number. Can include English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Cannot start with http:// or https://
- `enable_ipv_6` (Boolean) Enable or disable IPv6. This parameter can be configured only if the VPC to which the subnet belongs has IPv6 enabled. 1. true: Enable. 2. false: Disable. This value can be configured only if no cloud resources in the subnet have assigned IPv6 addresses
- `ipv_6_cidr_block` (String) Subnet IPv6 CIDR block. 1. When creating or modifying, enter the last 8 bits of the subnet IPv6 CIDR block (subnet mask is fixed at /64). 2. This parameter is supported only when EnableIpv6 is set to true. 3. Value range: 0–255. Mask is fixed at /64
- `subnet_name` (String) Subnet name, limited to 1–128 characters. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number. Can include period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Cannot start with http:// or https://. If not specified, defaults to the subnet ID
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Subnet tag information
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) ID of the account to which the subnet belongs
- `available_ip_address_count` (Number) Number of available IP addresses in the subnet
- `created_time` (String) Subnet creation time
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether the subnet is a default subnet. 1. true: Default subnet, created automatically when an ECS instance is created. 2. false: Non-default subnet, created manually by the user
- `network_acl_id` (String) ID of the network ACL associated with the subnet
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project associated with the VPC instance where the subnet resides
- `read_ipv_6_cidr_block` (String) Read-only field, subnet IPv6 CIDR block
- `route_table` (Attributes) Route table information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route_table))
- `status` (String) Subnet status. 1. Pending: Configuring. 2. Available: Available
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet whose information is to be modified
- `total_ipv_4_count` (Number) Total number of available IPs in the subnet
- `updated_time` (String) Subnet update time

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) User tag key
- `value` (String) User tag value


<a id="nestedatt--route_table"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route_table`

Read-Only:

- `route_table_id` (String) ID of the route table associated with the subnet
- `route_table_type` (String) Type of route table associated with the subnet. 1. System: System route table. 2. Custom: Custom route table

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_vpc_subnet.example "subnet_id"
```