---
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpc_eip Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  Public IP (Elastic IP Address, EIP) and its public outbound bandwidth are IP connectivity services provided by Volcano Engine for cloud resources, which can be purchased and held independently. Public IP supports direct binding to cloud servers (including ECS cloud servers, EBM bare metal servers, GPU cloud servers), and also supports binding to public NAT gateways, load balancers, and secondary network interfaces, providing public network connectivity for cloud servers.
---

# volcenginecc_vpc_eip (Resource)

Public IP (Elastic IP Address, EIP) and its public outbound bandwidth are IP connectivity services provided by Volcano Engine for cloud resources, which can be purchased and held independently. Public IP supports direct binding to cloud servers (including ECS cloud servers, EBM bare metal servers, GPU cloud servers), and also supports binding to public NAT gateways, load balancers, and secondary network interfaces, providing public network connectivity for cloud servers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_vpc_eip" "EipDemo" {
  name                 = "EipDemo"
  description          = "EipDemo description"
  isp                  = "BGP"
  billing_type         = 2
  bandwidth            = 3
  period               = 5
  project_name         = "default"
  bandwidth_package_id = "bwp-ij5gz1lf66m874o8cth*****"
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "env"
      value = "test"
    }
  ]
  instance_id   = "i-ye48ymyy9s5i3z4*****"
  instance_type = "EcsInstance"
  direct_mode   = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `billing_type` (Number) Billing method for public IP. Values: 1: annual/monthly. 2: pay-as-you-go   - based on bandwidth cap. 3: pay-as-you-go   - based on actual traffic.

### Optional

- `bandwidth` (Number) Maximum bandwidth of the public IP. Default is '1', unit: Mbps. If BillingType is 1: range is 1~500. If BillingType is 2: range is 1~500. If BillingType is 3: range is 1~200.
- `bandwidth_package_id` (String) Shared bandwidth package ID, indicating the public IP is added to a shared bandwidth package. To add a public IP to a shared bandwidth package, the following conditions must be met: Both have the same security protection type. Both are in the same region. The public IP must use pay-as-you-go billing. The shared bandwidth package must be IPv4 type.
- `description` (String) Description of the public IP.
- `direct_mode` (Boolean) Whether to enable passthrough mode when binding public IP. Enter the following enum values exactly as shown; do not use other values. false (default): passthrough mode not enabled. true: passthrough mode enabled.
- `instance_id` (String) Currently bound instance ID.
- `instance_type` (String) Current bound instance type. Nat: public NAT gateway. NetworkInterface: elastic network interface. ClbInstance: load balancer. EcsInstance: cloud server. HaVip: high availability virtual IP.
- `ip_address` (String) Apply for a specified public IP address. Only supports entering IP addresses that have been released after use; if not specified, the IP address is assigned automatically. Specified public IP address
- `ip_address_pool_id` (String) IP address pool ID.
- `isp` (String) Line type. BGP: BGP (multi-line). ChinaMobile: China Mobile static single line. ChinaTelecom: China Telecom static single line. ChinaUnicom: China Unicom static single line. SingleLine_BGP: BGP single line. Fusion_BGP: Fusion BGP. ChinaMobile_Value: China Mobile Value static single line. ChinaUnicom_Value: China Unicom Value static single line. ChinaTelecom_Value: China Telecom Value static single line.
- `name` (String) Name of the public IP.
- `period` (Number) When representing the duration for purchasing a subscription public IP, the default is '1'. If PeriodUnit is set to 1, Period can be 1~9, 12, 24, 36, 48, or 60. If PeriodUnit is set to 2, Period can be 1~5. When representing the duration for temporary upgrade, the unit is hours, and the range is 1~720.
- `period_unit` (Number) Unit for the duration when purchasing annual/monthly public IP. Values: 1 (default): month. 2: year.
- `private_ip_address` (String) Private IP address of the instance to bind the public IP to. Only ECS primary network interface private IP addresses and secondary network interface IP addresses are supported. If not specified: If InstanceType is EcsInstance, binds to the primary private IP address of the ECS primary network interface. If InstanceType is NetworkInterface, binds to the primary private IP address of the secondary network interface.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the public IP belongs.
- `release_with_instance` (Boolean) Whether to release the public IP when the cloud server instance is deleted. Only valid for pay-as-you-go public IPs. When enabled, the public IP is released together with the instance when the system automatically recycles the instance (24 hours after unsubscription, upon expiration, or due to overdue payment) or when the DeleteInstances API is called. true: yes. false: no.
- `renew_period_times` (Number) Duration for automatic renewal. Valid values: 1, 2, 3, 6, 12. Unit: month. If RenewType is 2, RenewPeriodTimes must be specified.
- `renew_type` (Number) Renewal method for annual/monthly public IP. Values: 1 (default): manual renewal. 2: automatic renewal. 3: do not renew upon expiration.
- `security_protection_instance_id` (Number) DDoS native protection (Enterprise Edition) ID. You can call the DescInstanceList API to query the ID of DDoS native protection (Enterprise Edition). When SecurityProtectionTypes is set to AntiDDoS_Enhanced, this parameter is required.
- `security_protection_types` (Set of String) Protection type. AntiDDoS_Enhanced: Public IPs with enhanced protection can be added to DDoS Native Protection (Enterprise Edition) instances. Null value: Public IPs with default protection type.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information of the public IP
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `allocation_id` (String) Public IP ID.
- `business_status` (String) Whether the public IP is locked. Normal: normal. FinancialLocked: locked.
- `created_time` (String) Creation time of the public IP.
- `deleted_time` (String) Expected forced resource recycle time. For subscription public IPs, this parameter returns a value. For pay-as-you-go public IPs, this parameter returns a value only when frozen due to overdue payment.
- `eip_address` (String) Public IP address.
- `expired_time` (String) Expiration time of the public IP. For subscription billing, the return value is the expiration time. For pay-as-you-go billing, the return value is empty.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `is_blocked` (Boolean) Whether it is blocked. true: yes. false: no.
- `lock_reason` (String) Reason for public IP lock. financial: locked due to overdue payment. unlock: restoring after recharge following suspension for overdue payment. Empty value: not locked.
- `overdue_time` (String) Resource freeze time. This parameter returns a value only when the resource is frozen due to overdue payment.
- `service_managed` (Boolean) Managed by service
- `status` (String) Status of the public IP. Attaching: binding in progress. Detaching: unbinding in progress. Attached: bound. Available: available. Deleting: deleting.
- `updated_time` (String) Time when the public IP was updated.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key.
- `value` (String) Tag value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_vpc_eip.example "allocation_id"
```