---
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpc_traffic_mirror_target Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  The mirror target is the network interface or classic load balancer used to collect traffic. You can use traffic mirroring to replicate network interface traffic based on your filtering criteria and forward the replicated traffic over the private network to the target service for monitoring and analysis.
---

# volcenginecc_vpc_traffic_mirror_target (Resource)

The mirror target is the network interface or classic load balancer used to collect traffic. You can use traffic mirroring to replicate network interface traffic based on your filtering criteria and forward the replicated traffic over the private network to the target service for monitoring and analysis.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_vpc_traffic_mirror_target" "VPCTrafficMirrorTargetDemo" {
  traffic_mirror_target_name = "test-terraformtest"
  description                = "this is a test"
  instance_id                = "eni-2yggxh4o692bk6asvxxxxx"
  instance_type              = "NetworkInterface"
  project_name               = "default"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_id` (String) Resource ID of the mirror target.
- `instance_type` (String) Resource type of the mirror target. NetworkInterface: Elastic network interface. ClbInstance: Classic load balancer.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Listener description. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length must be between 0 and 255 characters. If not specified, the default value is an empty string.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the mirror target belongs. If not specified, it will be added to the default project.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information of the mirror target.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `traffic_mirror_target_name` (String) Listener name. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character. Can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. If not specified, the default is 'protocol-port' as the listener name.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Creation time of the mirror session.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) Status of the mirror target. Available: Available. Creating: Creating.
- `traffic_mirror_target_id` (String) ID of the mirror target.
- `updated_at` (String) Update time of the mirror session.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. Supports input of characters from any language, numbers, spaces ( ), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and @ (@). If the tag key starts or ends with a space, the system will automatically remove it.
- `value` (String) Tag value. Length must be between 0 and 256 characters. If not specified, the default is empty. Supports input of characters from any language, numbers, spaces ( ), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and @ (@). Case sensitive. If the tag value starts or ends with a space, the system will automatically remove it.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_vpc_traffic_mirror_target.example "traffic_mirror_target_id"
```