---
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpc_ipv6_gateway Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  Carrier for the IPv6 gateway service. Creating an IPv6 gateway instance is required for IPv6 public network configuration
---

# volcenginecc_vpc_ipv6_gateway (Resource)

Carrier for the IPv6 gateway service. Creating an IPv6 gateway instance is required for IPv6 public network configuration

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_vpc_ipv6_gateway" "Ipv6GatewayDemo" {
  vpc_id       = "vpc-3nrh1tqschwcg931exxxxx"
  name         = "terraform-test-2"
  description  = "Create by terraform"
  project_name = "default"
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "env"
      value = "test"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID to be associated with the IPv6 gateway instance. Each VPC can only be associated with one IPv6 gateway instance. Ensure the VPC to be associated is not linked to another IPv6 gateway instance

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the IPv6 gateway instance. Length limit: 0–255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number. Can include English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。)
- `name` (String) Name of the IPv6 gateway instance. Length limit: 1–128 characters. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number. Can include period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). If not specified, defaults to the IPv6 gateway ID
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the IPv6 gateway belongs
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag information
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (String) Creation time of the IPv6 gateway instance
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `ipv_6_gateway_id` (String) IPv6 gateway instance ID
- `route_table_id` (String) Route table ID associated with the IPv6 gateway instance
- `status` (String) Operating status of the IPv6 gateway instance. Possible values: Creating: Creating. Deleting: Deleting. Available: Available
- `updated_time` (String) Modification time of the IPv6 gateway instance

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key
- `value` (String) Tag value

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_vpc_ipv6_gateway.example "ipv6_gateway_id"
```