---
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpc_prefix_list Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  A prefix list is a collection of CIDR blocks used to simplify the configuration of security group rules and route table entries. When the prefix list is modified, all associated resources are updated synchronously.
---

# volcenginecc_vpc_prefix_list (Resource)

A prefix list is a collection of CIDR blocks used to simplify the configuration of security group rules and route table entries. When the prefix list is modified, all associated resources are updated synchronously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_vpc_prefix_list" "PrefixlistDemo" {
  description      = "PrefixlistDemo Example"
  ip_version       = "IPv4"
  max_entries      = 20
  prefix_list_name = "my-prefix-list"
  project_name     = "default"
  prefix_list_entries = [
    {
      cidr        = "192.168.0.0/*"
      description = "privite description"
    }
  ]
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "env"
      value = "test"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `max_entries` (Number) Maximum number of entries, that is, the maximum number of entries that can be added to the prefix list. Value range: 1–200.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the prefix list. Length limit: 0–255 characters. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number. Can include English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。).
- `ip_version` (String) IP version type. Values: IPv4 (default): IPv4 type. IPv6: IPv6 type.
- `prefix_list_entries` (Attributes Set) CIDR of the prefix list entry.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prefix_list_entries))
- `prefix_list_name` (String) Name of the prefix list. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number. Can include period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-).
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the prefix list belongs. If not specified, it is added to the default project.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `association_count` (Number) Number of resources associated with the prefix list.
- `associations_route_tables` (Attributes Set) Route table information associated with the prefix list.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associations_route_tables))
- `associations_security_groups` (Attributes Set) Security group information associated with the prefix list.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associations_security_groups))
- `created_time` (String) Creation time of the prefix list.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `prefix_list_id` (String) Prefix list ID.
- `status` (String) Status of the prefix list. Values: Available: available; Creating: creating; Deleting: deleting; Pending: modifying.
- `updated_time` (String) Last modification time of the prefix list.

<a id="nestedatt--prefix_list_entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prefix_list_entries`

Optional:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR of the prefix list entry.
- `description` (String) Description of the prefix list entry. Length limit: 0–255 characters. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number. Can include English comma (,), period (.), underscore (_), space ( ), equals sign (=), hyphen (-), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。).


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key of the user tag.
- `value` (String) Tag value of the user tag.


<a id="nestedatt--associations_route_tables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associations_route_tables`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) ID of the associated resource.
- `resource_type` (String) Type of associated resource. VpcRouteTable: route table; VpcSecurityGroup: security group.


<a id="nestedatt--associations_security_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associations_security_groups`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) ID of the associated resource.
- `resource_type` (String) Type of associated resource. VpcRouteTable: route table; VpcSecurityGroup: security group.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_vpc_prefix_list.example "prefix_list_id"
```