---
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpc_traffic_mirror_filter_rule Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  Filtering conditions are composed of filtering rules, divided into inbound filtering rules and outbound filtering rules.
---

# volcenginecc_vpc_traffic_mirror_filter_rule (Resource)

Filtering conditions are composed of filtering rules, divided into inbound filtering rules and outbound filtering rules.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_vpc_traffic_mirror_filter_rule" "VPCTrafficMirrorFilterRuleDemo" {
  description              = "test"
  destination_cidr_block   = "10.*.*.0/24"
  destination_port_range   = "80/80"
  policy                   = "accept"
  priority                 = 1
  protocol                 = "tcp"
  source_cidr_block        = "10.*.*.0/24"
  source_port_range        = "80/80"
  traffic_direction        = "ingress"
  traffic_mirror_filter_id = "tmf-3nqp5bt6a3dog931exxxxx"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `destination_cidr_block` (String) Destination network segment.
- `policy` (String) Traffic capture policy. accept: allow. When traffic from the mirror source matches this rule, the traffic is copied to the mirror target for monitoring and analysis. reject: reject. When traffic from the mirror source matches this rule, the traffic is not copied and monitoring and analysis are not performed.
- `protocol` (String) Traffic protocol. Valid values: all: includes TCP, UDP, and ICMP protocols. tcp: TCP protocol. udp: UDP protocol. icmp: ICMP protocol.
- `source_cidr_block` (String) Source network segment.
- `traffic_direction` (String) Traffic direction. Valid values: ingress: inbound rule. egress: outbound rule.
- `traffic_mirror_filter_id` (String) Filtering condition ID.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the filtering rule.
- `destination_port_range` (String) Destination port range for traffic. When Protocol is all or icmp, this parameter is not required. The default value is -1/-1, which means no port restriction. When Protocol is tcp or udp, this parameter is required. Valid range is 1–65535. Use a forward slash (/) to separate the start and end ports, such as 1/50, 80/80.
- `priority` (Number) Priority of the filtering rule, ranging from 1 to 1000. The smaller the value, the higher the priority. Default is 1, which is the highest priority. For the same filtering condition and direction, the priority must be unique.
- `source_port_range` (String) Source port range for traffic. When Protocol is all or icmp, this parameter is not required. The default value is -1/-1, which means no port restriction. When Protocol is tcp or udp, this parameter is required. Valid range is 1–65535. Use a forward slash (/) to separate the start and end ports, such as 1/50, 80/80.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) Status of the filtering rule. Available: available. Deleting: deleting. Creating: creating. Pending: modifying.
- `traffic_mirror_filter_rule_id` (String) Filtering rule ID.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_vpc_traffic_mirror_filter_rule.example "traffic_mirror_filter_id|traffic_mirror_filter_rule_id"
```