---
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpc_ha_vip Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  A high availability virtual IP (HAVIP) is a private IP resource that can be independently owned, created, or deleted at any time based on business needs. In primary/secondary cluster scenarios, HAVIP is typically used with high availability software (such as Keepalived or Windows Server Failover Cluster) to build high availability primary/secondary services
---

# volcenginecc_vpc_ha_vip (Resource)

A high availability virtual IP (HAVIP) is a private IP resource that can be independently owned, created, or deleted at any time based on business needs. In primary/secondary cluster scenarios, HAVIP is typically used with high availability software (such as Keepalived or Windows Server Failover Cluster) to build high availability primary/secondary services

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_vpc_ha_vip" "VPCHAVIPDemo" {
  associated_eip_id        = "eip-1a1tzpbhmsphc8nvexxxxx"
  associated_instance_ids  = ["eni-btw4pmtcabr45h0b2xxxxx", "eni-iiotcbjp7r4074o8xxxxx", "eni-3nrjyim6prm68931ebbxxxxx"]
  associated_instance_type = "NetworkInterface"
  description              = "this is a test"
  ha_vip_name              = "HaVip-test"
  ip_address               = "192.***.0.9"
  subnet_id                = "subnet-rrwqhg3qzxfkv0x57xxxxx"
  tags = [
    {
      key = "env"
    value = "test" }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet ID to which the HAVIP belongs

### Optional

- `associated_eip_id` (String) ID of the public IP bound to the HAVIP
- `associated_instance_ids` (Set of String) List of instance IDs bound to the HAVIP
- `associated_instance_type` (String) Instance type bound to the HAVIP. EcsInstance: cloud server instance. NetworkInterface: elastic network interface
- `description` (String) Description of the HAVIP. Length limit: 0–255 characters
- `ha_vip_name` (String) Name of the HAVIP. Must start with a letter, number, or Chinese character, and can include letters, numbers, Chinese characters, and the following special characters: period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length limit: 0–128 characters
- `ip_address` (String) IP address of the HAVIP
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags associated with the HAVIP
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `associated_eip_address` (String) IP address of the public IP bound to the HAVIP
- `created_at` (String) Creation time of the HAVIP
- `ha_vip_id` (String) ID of the HAVIP
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `master_instance_id` (String) ID of the primary instance bound to the HAVIP
- `project_name` (String) Project name of the HAVIP
- `status` (String) Status of the HAVIP. Available: available. Creating: creating. InUse: in use. Deleting: deleting
- `updated_at` (String) Last modification time of the HAVIP
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID to which the HAVIP belongs

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key for user tags. Length range: 1–128 characters. Supports input of characters in any language, numbers, spaces ( ), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and @ (@). If the tag key starts or ends with a space, the system automatically removes it
- `value` (String) Tag value for user tags. Supports input of characters in any language, numbers, spaces ( ), underscores (_), periods (.), colons (:), slashes (/), equals signs (=), plus signs (+), hyphens (-), and @ (@). Case sensitive. If the tag value starts or ends with a space, the system automatically removes it

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_vpc_ha_vip.example "ha_vip_id"
```