---
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpc_vpc Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  A private network creates an isolated, self-configurable virtual network environment for cloud resources. You can customize IP address ranges, security groups, routing policies, and other network features within the private network to manage cloud resources simply, efficiently, and securely.
---

# volcenginecc_vpc_vpc (Resource)

A private network creates an isolated, self-configurable virtual network environment for cloud resources. You can customize IP address ranges, security groups, routing policies, and other network features within the private network to manage cloud resources simply, efficiently, and securely.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_vpc_vpc" "VPCDemo" {
  cidr_block            = "192.168.0.0/24"
  support_ipv_4_gateway = true
  vpc_name              = "vpc-demo"
  description           = "VpcDemo Example"
  enable_ipv_6          = false
  dns_servers = [
    "12.3.x.x"
  ]
  associate_cens = [
    {
      cen_id       = "cen-3re8cx4vwdibk5zsk2xxxx"
      cen_owner_id = "200000xxx"
      cen_status   = "Attaching"
    }
  ]
  nat_gateway_ids = [
    "ngw-2d6tp1y8zq41s58ozfdxxx"
  ]
  route_table_ids = [
    "vtb-29mkf8ft83l6o1e1hgixxx"
  ]
  security_group_ids = [
    "sg-29mkx39jb80741e1hgj2bxxx"
  ]
  project_name = "default"
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "env"
      value = "test"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cidr_block` (String) IPv4 CIDR block of the VPC. You can use the following CIDR blocks or their subsets as the VPC's IPv4 CIDR block: 192.168.0.0/16 ~ 24, 10.0.0.0/8 ~ 24, 172.16.0.0/12 ~ 24.
- `description` (String) Description of the VPC. Length must be between 0 and 255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number. Can include English commas (,), periods (.), underscores (_), spaces ( ), equals signs (=), hyphens (-), Chinese commas (，), and Chinese periods (。). Cannot start with http:// or https://.
- `dns_servers` (Set of String) DNS server addresses of the VPC. Maximum of 5 per request. Each DnsServer must be a valid IP address. Use & to separate multiple IPs. If not specified, defaults to the system DNS server addresses.
- `enable_ipv_6` (Boolean) Whether to enable IPv6 CIDR block. false (default): not enabled. true: enabled.
- `ipv_4_gateway_id` (String) ID of the IPv4 gateway bound to the VPC.
- `ipv_6_cidr_block` (String) IPv6 CIDR block of the VPC. If this parameter is provided, the Ipv6MaskLen parameter is ignored. If the Ipv6Isp parameter is set to a value other than BGP, either the Ipv6MaskLen or Ipv6CidrBlock parameter must be provided. If the Ipv6Isp parameter is not provided or set to BGP and this parameter is not provided, the system automatically assigns an IPv6 CIDR block.
- `nat_gateway_ids` (Set of String) ID of the NAT gateway created in the VPC.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project to which the VPC belongs. If not specified, it is added to the default project.
- `secondary_cidr_blocks` (Set of String) Secondary CIDR block of the VPC.
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) List of subnets in the VPC.
- `support_ipv_4_gateway` (Boolean) Whether the VPC enables the IPv4 gateway. false (default): not enabled. true: enabled.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags bound to the private network.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `vpc_name` (String) Name of the VPC. Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. Must start with a letter, Chinese character, or number, and can include periods (.), underscores (_), and hyphens (-). If not specified, defaults to the VPC instance ID. Cannot start with http:// or https://.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) ID of the account to which the VPC belongs.
- `associate_cens` (Attributes Set) CEN information associated with the VPC.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associate_cens))
- `creation_time` (String) Time when the VPC was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether this VPC is the default VPC. true: default VPC, meaning the VPC was automatically created by the system when creating an ECS instance. false: non-default VPC, meaning the VPC was manually created by the user.
- `network_acl_num` (String) Number of network ACLs in the VPC.
- `route_table_ids` (Set of String) ID of the route table associated with the VPC.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) List of security groups in the VPC.
- `status` (String) Status of the VPC. Creating: being created. Created: created. Available: available.
- `update_time` (String) Time when the VPC was updated.
- `user_cidr_blocks` (Set of String) User CIDR block of the VPC.
- `vpc_id` (String) ID of the VPC.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key.
- `value` (String) Tag value.


<a id="nestedatt--associate_cens"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associate_cens`

Read-Only:

- `cen_id` (String) ID of the CEN.
- `cen_owner_id` (String) User ID of the CEN.
- `cen_status` (String) Status of the VPC in the CEN. Loading: loading, Loaded: loaded

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_vpc_vpc.example "vpc_id"
```