---
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpn_ssl_vpn_client_cert Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPN"
description: |-
  SSL client certificate is a sub-resource of the SSL server.
---

# volcenginecc_vpn_ssl_vpn_client_cert (Resource)

SSL client certificate is a sub-resource of the SSL server.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_vpn_ssl_vpn_client_cert" "VPNSslVpnClientCertDemo" {
  ssl_vpn_server_id        = "vss-xxxx"
  ssl_vpn_client_cert_name = "ccapi-test-client-cert"
  description              = "ccapi-test"
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "env"
      value = "test"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ssl_vpn_server_id` (String) ID of the SSL server used to create the SSL client certificate. You can call DescribeSslVpnServers to query the SSL server ID information.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the SSL client certificate. Must start with a Chinese character, letter, or number, and can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, period (.), space ( ), underscore (_), hyphen (-), equals sign (=), English comma (,), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length must be between 0–255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string.
- `ssl_vpn_client_cert_name` (String) Name of the SSL client certificate. Must start with a Chinese character, letter, or number, and can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length must be between 1–128 characters. If not specified, defaults to the SSL client certificate ID.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) SSL client certificate tags.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `ca_certificate` (String) CA certificate information.
- `certificate_status` (String) SSL client certificate status. Available: available; Expiring: expiring, displays this status when the expiration time is less than or equal to one week; Expired: expired.
- `client_certificate` (String) Client certificate information.
- `client_key` (String) Client key information.
- `creation_time` (String) Creation time of the SSL client certificate.
- `expired_time` (String) Expiration time of the SSL client certificate.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `open_vpn_client_config` (String) OpenVPN client configuration.
- `ssl_vpn_client_cert_id` (String) SSL client certificate ID.
- `status` (String) SSL client status. Creating: being created; Deleting: being deleted; Pending: being configured; Available: available.
- `update_time` (String) Modification time of the SSL client certificate.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key (Key) for SSL client certificate tags. Parameter   - N: indicates the sequence number of the tag key, range: 1–20. Multiple tag keys are separated by &. Naming rules: Cannot start with any combination of 'sys:' in any case. Can only contain language characters, numbers, spaces, and English symbols '_', '.', ':', '/', '=', '+', '-', '@'. Length must be between 1–128 characters. Note: Duplicate tag keys are not allowed for the same resource.
- `value` (String) Tag value (Value) for SSL client certificate tags. Parameter   - N: indicates the sequence number of the tag value, range: 1–20. Multiple tag values are separated by &. Naming rules: Can only contain language characters, numbers, spaces, and English symbols '_', '.', ':', '/', '=', '+', '-', '@'. Can be empty, length must be between 0–256 characters. Case-sensitive, cannot start or end with a space. Note: If Tags.N.Value is provided, Tags.N.Key must also be provided.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_vpn_ssl_vpn_client_cert.example "ssl_vpn_client_cert_id"
```
