---
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpn_vpn_gateway_route Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPN"
description: |-
  Add a route entry to the VPN gateway.
---

# volcenginecc_vpn_vpn_gateway_route (Resource)

Add a route entry to the VPN gateway.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_vpn_vpn_gateway_route" "VpnGatewayRouteDemo" {
  destination_cidr_block = "192.168.0.0/25"
  next_hop_id            = "vgc-****"
  vpn_gateway_id         = "vgw-****"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `destination_cidr_block` (String) Destination network segment of the VPN gateway route entry.
- `next_hop_id` (String) ID of the IPsec connection for the route's next hop. You can call DescribeVpnConnections to query the IPsec connection ID.
- `vpn_gateway_id` (String) ID of the VPN gateway for the route entry to be added.

### Read-Only

- `as_path` (Attributes Set) AS path information traversed by the BGP route entry.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--as_path))
- `creation_time` (String) Time when the VPN gateway route entry was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `next_tunnel_id` (String) Next hop tunnel ID. This parameter is returned only for VPN gateways in dual-tunnel mode.
- `route_type` (String) Route type. Static: static route; BGP: BGP route; Cloud: VPC route in the cloud. Note: Route types synchronized from transit routers (TR) are not currently supported for display.
- `status` (String) Status of the VPN gateway route entry. Creating: being created; Deleting: being deleted; Pending: being configured; Available: preferred route in effect; Conflicted: not preferred or not in effect. Note: When route prefixes are the same, the route priority is Cloud > Static route > BGP route. Therefore, there may be multiple routes with the same prefix, some with status Available and others with status Conflicted.
- `update_time` (String) Time when the VPN gateway route entry was modified.
- `vpn_gateway_route_id` (String) ID of the VPN gateway route entry.

<a id="nestedatt--as_path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `as_path`

Read-Only:

- `numbers` (Set of Number) AS path sequence. If the AS path type is Sequence, the returned data is the original ASN sequence, such as [65533]. If the AS path type is Set, it indicates that the AS path has been aggregated, and the returned data is the aggregated ASN sequence, such as [4,5].
- `type` (String) AS path type. Sequence: normal ordered sequence; Set: aggregated sequence.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_vpn_vpn_gateway_route.example "vpn_gateway_route_id"
```
