---
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpn_customer_gateway Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPN"
description: |-
  The user gateway is a collection and abstraction of information on your local gateway side. With the user gateway, you can register local gateway information to the cloud VPC. One user gateway can connect to multiple VPN gateways
---

# volcenginecc_vpn_customer_gateway (Resource)

The user gateway is a collection and abstraction of information on your local gateway side. With the user gateway, you can register local gateway information to the cloud VPC. One user gateway can connect to multiple VPN gateways

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_vpn_customer_gateway" "vpncustomergatewayDemo" {
  asn                   = 64513
  customer_gateway_name = "ccapi-test"
  description           = "testdesc"
  ip_address            = "115.***.151.5"
  ip_version            = "ipv4"
  project_name          = "default"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ip_address` (String) Static public IP address of the peer local data center gateway or the VPN gateway egress IP address of another VPC. If the peer does not have a fixed static public IP, enter 0.0.0.0 here

### Optional

- `asn` (Number) User gateway ASN (Autonomous System Number). This parameter is required if you need to use BGP functionality. Valid ASN range is 1–4294967295 (excluding 137718, 150436, and 65533)
- `customer_gateway_name` (String) User gateway name. Must start with a Chinese character, letter, or number, and can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, period (.), underscore (_), and hyphen (-). Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. If not specified, defaults to the user gateway ID
- `description` (String) Description of the user gateway. Must start with a Chinese character, letter, or number, and can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, period (.), space ( ), underscore (_), hyphen (-), equals sign (=), English comma (,), Chinese comma (，), and Chinese period (。). Length must be between 0 and 255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string
- `ip_version` (String) IP address protocol type for the VPN gateway. Options: ipv4 (default), ipv6
- `project_name` (String) Project to which the user gateway belongs. If not specified, defaults to 'default', meaning the created resource belongs to the default project
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag list
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) ID of the account to which the user gateway belongs
- `connection_count` (Number) Number of IPsec connections associated with the user gateway
- `created_time` (String) Time when the user gateway was created
- `customer_gateway_id` (String) Gateway ID
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) Status of the user gateway. Creating: creating. Deleting: deleting. Pending: configuring. Available: available
- `updated_time` (String) Time when the user gateway was updated

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key for user tag
- `value` (String) Tag value for user tag

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_vpn_customer_gateway.example "customer_gateway_id"
```