---
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpn_vpn_gateway Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPN"
description: |-
  To enable communication between your private network and a local data center or another private network via a VPN connection, you must first create a VPN gateway.
---

# volcenginecc_vpn_vpn_gateway (Resource)

To enable communication between your private network and a local data center or another private network via a VPN connection, you must first create a VPN gateway.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_vpn_vpn_gateway" "VpnVpnGatewayDemo" {
  bandwidth           = 5
  billing_type        = 2
  description         = "this is a test description"
  dual_tunnel_enabled = false
  ip_stack_type       = "ipv4_only"
  ip_version          = "ipv4"
  vpn_gateway_name    = "VpnVpnGatewayDemo"
  ipsec_enabled       = true
  ssl_enabled         = true
  ssl_max_connections = 5
  project_name        = "default"
  vpc_id              = "vpc-3nr6adxxxxu8931eb64y4z2"
  subnet_id           = "subnet-btepcsxxxxw5h0b2u6hppyd"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bandwidth` (Number) VPN gateway bandwidth specification.
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet to which the port used by the VPN gateway belongs.
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID where the VPN gateway is located.

### Optional

- `asn` (Number) ASN of the VPN gateway.
- `billing_type` (Number) VPN gateway billing type. 1: Subscription. 2: Pay-as-you-go (fixed specification)
- `description` (String) Description of the VPN gateway.
- `dual_tunnel_enabled` (Boolean) Whether dual tunnel mode is enabled for the VPN gateway. true: Enabled false: Disabled
- `ip_stack_type` (String) VPN gateway protocol type. ipv4_only: IPv4 protocol type. ipv6_only: IPv6 protocol type. ipv4_ipv6: Dual-stack protocol type.
- `ip_version` (String) IP address type of the VPN gateway. ipv4: IPv4 address type. ipv6: IPv6 address type.
- `ipsec_enabled` (Boolean) Enable IPSec feature. true: enabled false: disabled
- `period` (Number) Subscription VPN gateway purchase duration, default is '1'. If PeriodUnit is Month, Period value range: 1–9, 12, 24, 36. If PeriodUnit is Year, Period value range: 1–3.
- `period_unit` (String) Unit for the purchase duration of subscription-based VPN gateways. Default is 'Month'. Month: month Year: year
- `project_name` (String) Project to which the VPN gateway belongs. If not specified, defaults to 'default', meaning the created resource belongs to the default project. You can call ListProjects to query project information under the current account.
- `secondary_subnet_id` (String) ID of the second subnet associated with the VPN gateway instance. This parameter is returned only for VPN gateway instances in dual tunnel mode; it is not returned for instances in single tunnel mode.
- `ssl_enabled` (Boolean) Enable SSL VPN feature. true: enabled false: disabled
- `ssl_max_connections` (Number) Maximum SSL connections for the VPN gateway.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) All tag information added to the VPN gateway.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `vpn_gateway_name` (String) Name of the VPN gateway.

### Read-Only

- `business_status` (String) VPN gateway billing status. Normal: Normal. FinancialLocked: Locked.
- `connection_count` (Number) Number of IPsec connections associated with the VPN gateway.
- `create_time` (String) Time when the VPN gateway was created.
- `deleted_time` (String) Expected resource forced reclaim time.
- `expired_time` (String) VPN gateway expiration time.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `ip_address` (String) VPN gateway public IP address.
- `is_blocked` (Boolean) Whether the current resource is banned. true: Banned false: Not banned.
- `lock_reason` (String) VPN gateway lock reasons. financial: Locked due to overdue payment. security: Locked for security reasons. unlock: Not locked.
- `overdue_time` (String) Resource freeze time. This parameter returns a value only if the resource is frozen due to overdue payment; otherwise, it returns an empty value.
- `route_count` (Number) Number of route entries for the VPN gateway.
- `secondary_ip_address` (String) Second public IP address of the VPN gateway. This parameter is returned only for VPN gateway instances in dual tunnel mode; it is not returned for instances in single tunnel mode.
- `status` (String) Status of the VPN gateway. Creating: creating Deleting: deleting Pending: configuring Available: available
- `update_time` (String) VPN gateway update time.
- `vpn_gateway_id` (String) ID of the VPN gateway.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) VPN gateway tag key (Key). Parameter   - N: Indicates the sequence number of the tag key, value range: 1–20. Multiple tag keys are separated by &. Naming rules: Cannot start with any combination of volc: or sys: (case-insensitive). Can only contain language characters, numbers, spaces, and English symbols '_', '.', ':', '/', '=', '+', '-', '@'. Length limit: 1–128 characters. Note: Tag keys for the same resource must not be duplicated.
- `value` (String) VPN gateway tag value (Value). Parameter   - N: Indicates the sequence number of the tag value, value range: 1–20. Multiple tag values are separated by &. Naming rules: Can only contain language characters, numbers, spaces, and English symbols '_', '.', ':', '/', '=', '+', '-', '@'. Can be empty. Length limit: 0–256 characters. Case-sensitive. Cannot start or end with a space. Note: If Tags.N.Value is provided, Tags.N.Key must also be provided.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_vpn_vpn_gateway.example "vpn_gateway_id"
```