---
page_title: "volcenginecc_vpn_ssl_vpn_server Resource - terraform-provider-volcenginecc"
subcategory: "VPN"
description: |-
  The SSL server is a service module in SSL VPN that provides SSL services and handles packet encapsulation and decapsulation.
---

# volcenginecc_vpn_ssl_vpn_server (Resource)

The SSL server is a service module in SSL VPN that provides SSL services and handles packet encapsulation and decapsulation.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "volcenginecc_vpn_ssl_vpn_server" "VPNSslVpnServerDemo" {
  compress            = false
  client_ip_pool      = "192.168.xxx.0/26"
  description         = "修改的SSL服务端描述"
  project_name        = "default"
  port                = 1195
  ssl_vpn_server_name = "更新的SSL服务端名称"
  local_subnets = [
    "192.168.1.0/24",
    "192.168.2.0/24"
  ]
  vpn_gateway_id             = "vgw-****"
  auth                       = "SHA1"
  cipher                     = "AES-128-CBC"
  client_cert_session_policy = "PreemptExisting"
  protocol                   = "TCP"
  tags = [
    {
      value = "env"
      key   = "test"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_ip_pool` (String) SSL client address pool. In SSL VPN, the client address pool is the address range assigned to the client's virtual network interface, not the client's existing internal network segment. Client address pool mask range: /16 to /28. The client address pool must not conflict with the LocalSubnet or IPSec connection routes. The client address pool must not overlap with 100.64.0.0/10, 169.254.0.0/16, 127.0.0.0/8, 224.0.0.0/4, or 240.0.0.0/4. The number of available IPs in the client address pool must be greater than four times the number of SSL connections selected when creating the VPN gateway. For example, if the number of SSL connections is 10, the client address pool must have more than 40 available IPs.
- `local_subnets` (Set of String) Local subnet of the SSL server. The local subnet is the address range accessed by clients through the SSL VPN connection. Note: Up to 5 local subnets can be specified, and they must not conflict with the ClientIpPool.
- `vpn_gateway_id` (String) ID of the VPN gateway used by the SSL server.

### Optional

- `auth` (String) Authentication algorithm for the SSL server. SHA1 (default), MD5, None (no encryption).
- `cipher` (String) Encryption algorithm for the SSL server. AES-128-CBC (default) AES-192-CBC AES-256-CBC None (no encryption).
- `client_cert_session_policy` (String) Session policy for client certificates. AllowConcurrent: Reuse supported. PreemptExisting: Reuse not supported.
- `compress` (Boolean) Whether to compress transmitted data. true: Enable compression for communication. false (default): Do not compress communication.
- `description` (String) Description of the SSL server to be created. Must start with a Chinese character, letter, or number, and can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, periods (.), spaces ( ), underscores (_), hyphens (-), equals signs (=), English commas (,), Chinese commas (，), and Chinese periods (。). Length: 0 to 255 characters. If not specified, defaults to an empty string.
- `port` (Number) Port used by the SSL server. Default: 1194. Valid port range: 1 ~ 65535. The following ports are not supported: 22, 68, 179, 323, 500, 4500.
- `project_name` (String) Project to which the SSL server belongs. If left blank, the default is default, meaning the created resource belongs to the default project.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol used by the SSL server. Options: TCP (default): TCP protocol. UDP: UDP protocol.
- `ssl_vpn_server_name` (String) Name of the SSL server to be created. Must start with a Chinese character, letter, or number, and can only contain Chinese characters, letters, numbers, periods (.), underscores (_), and hyphens (-). Length: 1 to 128 characters. If not specified, defaults to the SSL server ID.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags for the SSL server.
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) Time when the SSL server was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `is_blocked` (Boolean) Indicates whether the current resource is blocked. true: Blocked false: Not blocked.
- `ssl_vpn_server_id` (String) ID of the SSL server.
- `status` (String) Status of the SSL server. Available: Available Creating: Creating Pending: In progress Deleting: Deleting.
- `update_time` (String) Modify the time of the SSL server.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key for the SSL server label (Key). Naming rules: Must not start with any case combination of sys:. Only letters, numbers, spaces, and the following English symbols are allowed: "_", ".", ":", "/", "=", "+", "-", "@". Length must be between 1 and 128 characters. Note: Tag keys for the same resource must be unique.
- `value` (String) Tag value for the SSL server label (Value). Naming rules: Only letters, numbers, spaces, and the following English symbols are allowed: "_", ".", ":", "/", "=", "+", "-", "@". Can be empty. Length must be between 0 and 256 characters. Case sensitive. Cannot start or end with a space. Note: If Tags.N.Value is provided, Tags.N.Key must also be provided.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import volcenginecc_vpn_ssl_vpn_server.example "ssl_vpn_server_id"
```
